So while there may be a humanitarian crisis driving more vulnerable people to seek asylum in the United States, there is no security crisis.
The Republican president assumed he was helping the industry at the expense of the environment – a trade-off Trump was happy to make since he rejects climate science anyway. 
Voting in quasi-militarized settings was not confined to the nation’s capital. In Philadelphia, on election eve, the mayor announced a curfew that was slated to take effect an hour before its polls closed, but subsequently delayed it after an outcry by other city officials and activists. 
But one glaring absentee was Trump, who not only declined an invitation but failed to send any American representative at all.
Track and field athletes don’t typically earn the lucrative salaries seen in the NBA, NFL, tennis or international soccer.
In other words, the agency responsible for protecting consumers now wants to make it easier for them to get stuck in a cycle of debt they can never repay.
A Catholic priest in Rhode Island who barred state lawmakers who supported an abortion rights bill from receiving communion at his church has doubled down on his stance, saying abortion is worse than pedophilia.
Gwyneth Paltrow’s anti-vaxxer ally comes under fire for ‘discredited pseudo-scientific claims’ about coronavirus
That’s led some vaccine foes to join the protesters — whom Trump has encouraged on Twitter — in staging demonstrations in state capitals to “reopen America.”
Less-organized migrants, tighter immigration control by Guatemalan authorities and the presence of U.S. advisers have reduced the likelihood that the hundreds of migrants who departed Honduras will form anything like the cohesive procession the term “caravan” now conjures.
Trump enjoys and encourages state brutality against people of color, and black people in particular. It excites him and his most ardent followers. But his response isn’t just based on personal predilections. It’s also based on political considerations.
The Trump administration has continued to deny climate change findings and make scientific reports inaccessible to the public.
In the months that followed, all independent polling has found the American mainstream not only blames Trump and his party for the shutdown, but also does not want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on an ineffective and unnecessary border wall.
Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so corrupt they have gone to jail, mainstream scientists still accept their research.
Democrats really don’t want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on a giant, ineffective border wall, so if Trump were try to come up with an offer designed to entice them, he’d have to propose something that would be (a) enormous; and (b) wildly unpopular among Republicans.
Before we get to work dispensing these arguments, it’s important to acknowledge that they are, on some level, understandable. A lot of Americans, especially those who got their bachelor’s degree before the early 2000s, find it baffling that younger generations can’t work their way through college.
The Trump Administration hasn’t built a single foot of border fencing after thirty months of riling up its supporters with claims that the wall was vital to national security.
To bolster the argument that doctors deliver viable infants alive and let them die, the anti-choice movement also trots out a series of people who claim to have “survived” abortion. 
Vaccine critics, for example, have long championed the false claim that vaccines cause autism, and that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has tried to cover up that information, Gorski said. 
Lots of politicians and critics across the board have attacked the Green New Deal proposed last week by freshman Democrats Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts.
In the dominant political fight in D.C., Donald Trump wants a giant wall along the U.S./Mexico border.
While President Donald Trump’s impeachment trial had been wrapping up, he expanded one of his most controversial and inflammatory policies with little fanfare and minimal opposition: the travel ban on people from multiple Muslim-majority countries.
And most egregiously, in what will surely be viewed as one of the most ill-advised stunts in presidential history, the Trump Administration had federal security forces use tear gas and projectiles to vacate Lafayette square by force of arms so Trump could make a show of walking over to St. John’s Church and posing awkwardly with a bible held upside down.
People keep getting sick and the economy is cratering, but for Republicans, hating women is still a major priority: republican governors in Texas, Ohio and even Maryland are trying to use the coronavirus crisis as an excuse to block women from getting abortions, claiming that ending a pregnancy is a “nonessential” medical procedure that must be rescheduled.
It wasn't long after Donald Trump and his team took office that they looked for ways to make things easier for polluters.
We should expect growing support for this item for a few reasons: Younger voters of all political stripes are being exposed to the status quo student loan system. Younger voters are also less likely to accept the toxic brand of “conservatism.” 
President Donald Trump bragged on Sunday that the Republican Party has never been stronger or more united than it is now, even as his impeachment trial is set to begin in the Senate this week. 
If sports don’t trump religion as the opiate of the masses, they have, until recently, been at least the background music of most of our lives.
A federal judge in Tucson, Arizona delivered a blow Monday to the Trump administration’s strategy of criminalizing humanitarian aid work along the southern border with her decision to overturn the convictions of four volunteers on religious freedom grounds.
In fact, the scenario of killing babies after they're born that Trump depicted was ridiculously false.
Obama’s joke about moat with alligators came to mind while reading a newly published report from the New York Times on Donald Trump’s zealotry on border policy.
The over-the-top, theatrical lies of the anti-choice movement are so comical that the mainstream media, for decades, has shied away from covering them too closely, likely out of fear that they’re actually too ridiculous to be believed.
Lawmakers who claim to care about women’s emotional health would do better to listen to the hundreds of thousands of women who seek abortion care every year and know it is the right decision.
John Oliver admits he's scared of "literally everything," but perhaps nothing more than parents-turned-activists seemingly hellbent on unleasing a new plague.
By any sensible measure, the Trump administration is among the worst ever seen for respecting, valuing, and following science.
The travel ban would not have prevented the country’s deadliest terrorist attacks in recent years, which were committed by right-wing Americans, not immigrants: the anti-immigrant extremist who killed 22 shoppers at a store in El Paso; the white supremacist who killed 17 students and teachers at a school in Parkland, Florida; or the anti-Semite who killed 11 worshipers at a synagogue in Pittsburgh.
That’s because while these problems have been centuries in the making from slavery to Jim Crow to Ferguson and beyond, Donald Trump’s particular failings as a person and a candidate are fanning the flames of the crisis.
In certain ways, 2020 feels a lot like 1968. Federal troops and local police are clashing with Black people sick of police brutality and discrimination. Americans are dying in massive, alarming numbers ― then, in the Vietnam war; now, as the coronavirus pandemic spreads across the nation. Americans are angry.
This is also true for students snookered into matriculating at sketchy for-profit colleges, which offer almost no marketable skills or career preparedness to justify the cost. And it further describes recent college graduates who, through an accident of timing, entered the real world during the Great Recession and its aftermath, finding it difficult to obtain work in their field of study.
Despite saving millions upon millions of lives, vaccines have been meet with skepticism by a small but growing faction of conspiracy theorists. And Donald Trump, "human megaphone that is the president of the United States," has only made matters worse by supporting an "alternative vaccine schedule."
Proponents of stricter protections for students argue the DOE’s recent rollback of Obama-era rules aimed at protecting students from predatory for-profit colleges will only lead to even more student failing to pay back their loans.
This is a positive for the party’s electoral prospects, after a bitterly fragmented primary. Unfortunately, the people selected for the task forces demonstrate how not only the party establishment, but even an insurgent progressive like Sanders, privilege certain topics over others. The criminal justice reform task force is incredibly milquetoast.
Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and many of his administration’s policies have played on the trope of threats posed by refugees, asylum seekers and other migrants.
As the world as we know it comes to a quicker-than-expected end, with much of Australia caught up in wildfires that climate change did not start, but are unquestionably making worse, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is getting roundly toasted for his announcement that the company with the too-ironic name will be donating roughly $690,000 to Australia to help combat the ongoing fires.
One of the things that makes Alabama’s measure extraordinary is its radical simplicity: it simply bans all abortions, at every stage of pregnancy.
Sure, some people might prioritize Netflix and pumpkin spice lattes over student loan payments and retirement contributions. But for people like David (not his real name), a 32-year-old living in Harlem, New York, banking fees eat up a good chunk of his income.
Critics of the Trump administration’s immigration policies have said such policies violate migrants’ rights and further endanger them by making them wait in dangerous border towns or in one of the most violent countries in the world lacking robust asylum systems.
Biden’s five picks are typical of centrists who want to trim the edges of our bloated, draconian justice system without changing anything systemically.
Facebook, YouTube and Amazon all answered with policy changes, removing some fear-mongering content related to vaccines.
Dem Senators Say Mismanaged Student Loan Program Screwed Thousands
Football supports Trump in its promotion of racial division, the crushing of dissent, and the spread of misinformation, inequality, and brutality.
Even though Thunberg is capable of doing things many on the right refuse to do — such as read and understand scientific evidence — right-wingers argued that Thunberg and her fellow youth activists cannot think for themselves.
Threre are some concerns about whether some of the goals set by the Green New Deal are realistic, but to argue that the blueprint is genocidal is hopelessly bonkers.
Powell and others in the George W. Bush administration lied extensively while making the case for war in Iraq in the early 2000s, fabricating “evidence” of the existence of weapons of mass destruction within the country.
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump will give an Oval Office address on the government shutdown he created, during which he presumably will lie through his teeth to defend his highly unpopular immigration agenda.
Matters worsened for him when COVID-19 hit the United States and exposed him not just as a divisive buffoon, but a cynically incompetent one. The Administration delayed its response, worried that any action they took would hurt the stock market and erode Trump’s last remaining electoral strength.
A family-run network of pro-gun groups is behind five of the largest Facebook groups dedicated to protesting the shelter-in-place restrictions, according to an NBC News analysis of Facebook groups and website registration information.
Medically unnecessary laws regulating abortion have been exposed as dishonest attempts to close clinics.
But last Wednesday, when the Heritage Clinic for Women in Grand Rapids, Michigan, opened in the morning, the staff were startled to find 25 to 30 protesters assembling, many of them holding single red roses. Ignoring the no-trespassing signs, they began swarming the clinic’s parking lot, rushing patients as they got out of their cars.
The spectacular rise of human civilization that took place during the last 10,000 years now appears to be coming to an end with the refusal of our species to significantly curb the carbon emissions and pollutants that might cause human extinction.
Such rivals as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell saw overstepping in the name of climate change, a blown campaign rollout to even explain all of its aspirational aspects, and, more generally, a need to slap down an unruly first-year Democratic Socialist.
Naturally, of course, right-wingers reacted in the ugliest way possible: By arguing that Thunberg’s identity — as a young person, as a person on the autism spectrum and, although they are careful not to say this directly, as a girl — inherently discredits what she has to say.
The anti-vaccine crowd frequently falls back on the claim that vaccines cause autism, despite more than two dozen studies clearly showing that vaccination does not increase the incidence of autism. Nor did it make a whit of biological sense that vaccines would.
U.S. Rep. Steve King, under fire for defending white nationalism and white supremacism is now endorsing President Trump’s desire to declare a national emergency to build his wall.
A federal visa program allowing international students to work at firms in the United States after graduation appears to have been exploited by fake companies providing false employment verifications, according to an NBC News/NBC Bay Area investigation.
The picture that emerges is of a system of staggering complexity, riddled with obstacles and cracks, that prioritizes babies over mothers, thwarts women at every turn, frustrates doctors and midwives, and incentivizes substandard care.
In the spring, the Trump administration’s Department of Health and Human Services unveiled a new policy designed to silence taxpayer-funded family planning clinics, preventing them from letting patients know about their abortion rights.
The administration has stonewalled Congress during the impeachment proceedings and other investigations, but the American public overwhelmingly wants the Trump administration to comply with lawmakers.
The Brazilian superstar’s career is a testament to what’s possible in women’s soccer — and also a reminder of how little attention the sport still receives.
Alarmingly, the Trump administration wants to take the reins off payday lenders.
When the Muslim ban was first enacted, it triggered chaos at airports and prompted widespread protest and legal challenges, and it continues to impose devastating costs on families and people who wish to come to the U.S.
President Trump is culpable in the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of Americans due to the evisceration of environmental protections in addition to the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of other Americans due to Trump’s disastrous response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
But in an age when anti-vaccine conspiracy theories travel far and wide online and many parents are afraid of taking their pediatrician’s advice, Kentucky’s loose vaccination laws directly incentivize parents to follow Bevin’s lead.
It’s no exaggeration to say that the anti-choice movement, from tip to toe, is stuffed with melodramatic liars and grifters.
Anyone who has shouldered the burden of six-figure student loan debt knows the heavy toll it can take. 
One of the most common canards against immigration is the idea that illegal immigrants drive down the wages for native workers.
Trying to bar women from abortion is bad enough in regular times, but it seemed even more sadistic during a pandemic and an economic crash, when financial and health concerns weigh more heavily than ever on women deciding whether or not continue pregnancies.
The truth is that, in the face of a challenge as immense as climate change, government action is necessary if we want to ensure that our planet remains livable for future generations.
Activists planning to line California roadways with anti-vaccination billboards full of misinformation are paying for them through Facebook fundraisers, despite a platform-wide crackdown on such campaigns.
She’s among four dozen or so people gathered outside on a hot late-summer morning, joining a hard core of activists who believe that all vaccines are dangerous and who have become increasingly emboldened about denouncing the medical establishment.
Bevin’s downplaying of the necessity of vaccines is reckless — but deliberately infecting his children is much more so.
Amanda Kifferly, vice president of abortion access for The Women’s Centers, explained that she’s seeing some of the ways that the coronavirus is making it harder for women to get an abortion, which was already difficult because of all the needless bureaucratic obstacles put in place by conservative legislators.
By threatening the kids and their families with deportation, the administration’s U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services was effectively delivering death sentences.
Rather than help be a part of the solution, Trump is intentionally exacerbating the tensions–not only because he himself is a racist whose politics of authoritarian white grievance align with the same forces driving police violence itself, but because he is desperate and in grave political peril.
In the weeks leading up to the District of Columbia’s primary election, a powerful interest group repeatedly hammered council candidate Janeese Lewis George with an attack that in the past has proved devastating: She was soft on crime and unsupportive of the D.C. police force.
Newly appointed Justice Brett Kavanaugh, in his individual dissent urging the law to go into effect, tipped his hand, Litman continues — he will rely on “flimsy distinctions” and “ostensibly procedural obstacles” to make obtaining an abortion impossible in states that desire to do so.
Almost all of this is gibberish; Trump still can’t speak coherently about California’s wildfires; and no officials in the Golden State ever conceded that he was “right” about the subject, because he wasn’t.
Trump, who actually was his school’s team captain, has long claimed that he was the best athlete there, a boast rarely challenged because coaches and classmates tended to praise him once it became in their best interests to do so.
In court and in public, the administration defended the extreme and disruptive measure being based on national security considerations, though it was clearly an instantiation of Trump’s bigoted campaign promise to end all Muslim immigration to the United States.
President Donald Trump is losing support from his evangelical base as he lurches from one crisis into another. Numerous polls show that religious Americans, like most other Americans, disapprove of the president’s performance, and that could imperil his re-election chances.
Australian Rugby Player Israel Folau and his anti-gay sentiments appear to have gone too far this time.
Last year, some states tried to ban abortion after just six weeks into a pregnancy ― when many women don’t even know they’re pregnant yet. Considering that 1 in 4 women has an abortion during her lifetime, the effects of these restrictions could prove devastating.
As the Republican Party is struggling to defend him in a moment of nationwide strife, President Donald Trump decided Thursday night to fuel divisions within GOP rather than make nice.
But the fact that Trump cloaks this fact by stoking false fears about immigrant crime and delivering rage-filled rants about “illegal” immigration shows that this isn’t some genuine and reasoned policy view about the costs and benefits of new entrants to the labor force — it’s a reactionary stance built atop anti-immigrant bigotry.
Celebrity Pseudoscience: Here Are Nine Household Names Who’ve Pushed Bad Science on The Public
Her proposal brings into sharp focus conservatives’ crusade to legislate control of women’s bodies through restrictive abortion bills and other measures that undermine reproductive rights.
Athletes and fans are excited for Sowers' historic role at Super Bowl LIV and have remarked that her position is especially poignant given there have only been 13 out gay and bi players in the NFL's 100-year history, according to OutSports.
It is hard to argue that the highest income countries should not reduce their meat and dairy.
Trump also threatened to invoke the Insurrection Act, an 1807 law that would allow the president to send U.S. armed forces into states for the purpose of domestic law enforcement, if mayors and governors didn’t do more to curb the unrest.
It’s no surprise that her focus on policy has catapulted Warren back into serious contention. Digging into policy solutions for overlooked problems and explaining it in digestible soundbites is what she has done since the publication of her first book, “As We Forgive Our Debtors,” an empirical study of bankruptcy that completely changed how academics viewed the issue.
Though it was Major League Baseball that he mentioned — “We have to get our sports back. I’m tired of watching baseball games that are 14 years old” — the sport that truly matters to him is football, the only major mass entertainment (other than Trumpism) that endorses tribalism and toxic masculinity so flagrantly and keeps violence in vogue.
The Democratic candidates predictably criticized the worst Trump administration immigration policies, such as families separated at the border and chronic uncertainty for undocumented people in the U.S., many of whom arrived decades ago as children.
The anti-vaccination community holds to an unscientific conspiracy theory that childhood vaccinations are toxic and cause numerous illnesses and injuries, including autism, and spreads these beliefs through YouTube, Facebook and other online platforms.
While the major baseball leagues won’t be affected much by tariffs on Chinese imports, everyone from Double A players down through the office softball team will be.
This includes children that officials have stolen from their families, done so with full knowledge that family separation and detention cause long-term harm to children, and done so with the fact that for the first time in years, migrant kids have died under U.S. watch.
Some of the liberal opposition is often grounded in the mistaken belief that Warren’s plan would do more to reduce the racial wealth gap than Warren’s. The opposite is true: full cancellation would reduce the racial wealth gap more than Warren’s plan would. 
It’s only a matter of time, the argument goes, before the Roe v. Wade precedent is struck down at the hands of five conservative justices, two of whom are on the high court thanks to Trump.
Hotez said anti-vaccine groups are seizing on the anti-government sentiment stoked by conservative-leaning protesters to advance their cause.
If task force candidates from these organizations were absolute non-starters for presumptive presidential nominee Joe Biden, because they want to treat people who have committed crimes with too much human dignity, Sanders could instead have turned to an array of “progressive prosecutors.”
The Trump administration gave the Border Patrol unchallengeable authority over migrants seeking asylum by invoking a little-known power given to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. public health agency, to ban the entry of people or things that might spread “infectious disease” in the U.S.
The false messages that they say convinced hundreds of New Yorkers not to vaccinate their children weren’t spread in a Facebook group or on YouTube, but through a glossy magazine written by and for Orthodox Jewish parents.
Last week, the House Judiciary Committee moved forward with plans for an expansive investigation into Trump World abuses, prompting White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to release a rather intemperate press statement.
For most of his presidency, the Republican has demanded sharp cuts to legal immigration, and has made this a non-negotiable element of any deal.
Restrictions to health care organizations that work on family planning as known as the global gag rule does extensive harm to women, especially in developing countries, but it’s nevertheless been embraced by every recent Republican administration.

Trump is “angry” that intelligence officials informed Sanders and other members of Congress about some of Russia’s meddling efforts in the 2020 election cycle, Biden said, adding that the administration must do more to secure the integrity of our elections.
Proponents of stricter protections for students argue the DOE’s recent rollback of Obama-era rules aimed at protecting students from predatory for-profit colleges will only lead to even more student defaulting on their loans.
Derrick Morgan, senior vice president for federal and regulatory affairs for oil lobby group American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFRM), bragged about how successful the industry has been in pushing anti-protest legislation,
Taken together, these trends leave many young Americans feeling trapped. If they don’t go to college, they have little chance of getting a steady, well-paying job. If they do go to college they’ll be on the hook for tens of thousands of dollars in student loans.  
But the skeptics have taken on a brasher, bolder tone in recent months. 
President Donald Trump said Wednesday that he would become the first U.S. leader to attend the March for Life, one of the nation’s largest anti-abortion protests, in person later this week. The move is likely to be seen as an attempt by the president to appeal to his evangelical base at a time of fierce political turmoil.
The safe, heavily researched HPV vaccine remains tragically under-used — and anti-vaccine movies and conferences could make it more so if we’re not careful.
After winning his 15th major championship, the legendary golfer Tiger Woods got a chance to laugh at all who doubted him.
The disqualification was emblematic of what many women who wear hijabs go through while participating in sports.
Polling throughout the Democratic primary showed Sanders triumphing with young voters by massive margins, and early polling in the general election has shown Biden running weaker with younger voters than past Democratic nominees.
Former Defense Secretary William Cohen on Friday called out President Donald Trump’s violent rhetoric about anti-racism protesters, warning the White House is “leading us down the trail toward a dictatorship.”
Two years after the Trump administration made the state-sanctioned kidnapping of children at the border official U.S. policy, the horrors around this crime against humanity continue to be exposed.
The ideas promoted by anti-vaccination groups — which rely on pseudoscience and conspiracy theories about the government and pharmaceutical companies — are false.
Liberal economist and New York Times opinion writer Paul Krugman, in a scathing column this week, warns that extreme events like the wildfires that have been devastating Australia are a preview of things to come — and he stresses that right-wing politicians who deny the reality of climate change are as great a threat as the events themselves.
Racist Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said generations of people would not be here without rape and incest while making the case for anti-abortion legislation without exceptions for victims of those crimes.
Trump used to say that Mexico will pay for the wall, but since that is impossible, he has endorsed the bizarre claim that the wall will pay for itself.
In Philadelphia, there were also reports that the city was ignoring social distancing standards by cramming their new voting machines (one per jurisdiction) into multi-precinct voting locations, which forced voters and poll workers to stand on top of each other.
Now, the data shows there is an aftershock in the form of the looming tsunami of student debt defaults that will hit communities of color the hardest, according to data compiled by the National Center for Education Statistics and Demos, a progressive think tank.
While the majority of Americans seem to accept scientific information about the deadly coronavirus and are wary of reopening the country before we can be sure it’s safe, one segment of the population is driving the opposite narrative. This group is small but vocal, and represents a predictable if threatening merging of forces.
Since Roe v. Wade, when the Supreme Court recognized the constitutional right to an abortion, state lawmakers have devised novel ways to cut off access to the procedure without banning it outright. One strategy is to require clinics and doctors to comply with an ever-expanding list of regulations, with the goal of essentially red-taping providers out of business.
Despite achieving a historic position of leadership in the highest level of national football, Sowers said she experienced LGBTQ discrimination in sports while in college, when was rejected from a volunteer coaching job because of her “lifestyle.”
Their work came on the heels of an IPCC report that warned of dire environmental, economic and health consequences in the absence of any serious momentum toward decarbonization by 2030.
And while states like Massachusetts—among others—automatically cancel debt if a borrower dies or becomes disabled, New Jersey has chosen a different path, encouraging students to buy life insurance to cover their debt and take co-signers off the hook in the event of a tragedy
In a September executive order, President Donald Trump gave states and local governments the right to reject refugees, but instead of saying no, most state and local officials have blindsided the administration by opting in, according to two former officials familiar with the matter.
This group is small but vocal, and represents a predictable if threatening merging of forces.
Trump likes to tell this story with vivid and completely made-up details about swaddling a baby in blankets before murdering it. The Senate held hearings in which anti-choice activist Jill Stanek — a crazed, racist liar who also claims Chinese people think aborted fetuses are a “delicacy” — claimed, almost certainly falsely, that she once witnessed a baby being killed this way. 
When it comes to the Green New Deal blueprint to address the climate crisis, Republicans generally like to pretend it calls for the elimination of hamburgers.
President Donald Trump has characterized those clashing with law enforcement after George Floyd’s death under the knee of a Minneapolis police officer as organized, radical-left thugs engaging in domestic terrorism, an assertion repeated by Attorney General William Barr.
But opponents argued that asking minors to negotiate the legal system when they are already scared and ashamed could drive them to illegal abortions.
Despite a pandemic, one-sided presidential nomination contests, and nationwide protests about police violence and racial equality, the primaries were important — and instructive. 
The Georgia Democrats took wire hangers and bottles of bleach to the House floor in protest as symbols of the self-induced abortions that many desperate women dangerously attempt when the aid of a doctor isn’t available or allowed.
The Bezos Earth Fund may help shepherd along some new technologies, but billionaire philanthropy will not alter the regulatory structure that created the problem in the first place.
That meant anyone walking into a branch with a certain level of assets instantly became a target for multiple offers. Customers with lower incomes were less of a priority, increasingly treated as little more than a source of fee harvesting.
Corinthian College Inc. is the bankrupted and criminal organization that Marco Rubio was defending just this past year, probably because he got a boatload of money from them in campaign organizations. Over the past 10 years it has come to light—through numerous lawsuits and state and federal investigations—that untold billions of dollars has been swindled out of student and taxpayers’ pockets by this private educational company.
When the men’s basketball Final Four tips off Saturday in Minneapolis, the NCAA’s biggest and most lucrative event will proceed as it normally does: the athletes on the floor for Virginia and Auburn, Michigan State and Texas Tech, will play games that generate hundreds of millions of dollars in total revenue for their schools, the NCAA and broadcast companies, the coaches and athletic directors, TV executives and NCAA suits will share in the riches but athletes themselves still won’t receive their fair share ― and thanks to a recent federal court decision, that won’t change in the immediate future. 
And his demagoguery around the Central American immigrant caravans and asylum-seekers continually obscure the fact that asking for asylum is an entirely legal form of immigration — even though Trump and his defenders now like to call it a “loophole.”
Oprah Schools Instagram Hater With Receipts After Student Loan Diss
Drowned out by the algorithm: Vaccination advocates struggle to be heard online
President Donald Trump sparked ire on Tuesday after he spread yet another conspiracy theory, this time about wind farms.
Women’s rights advocates were relieved late Monday when Senate Democrats blocked an extreme anti-choice bill from advancing to a floor debate—but were soon outraged by President Donald Trump’s lies about abortion care, as well as the corporate media for enabling his blatantly false characterization of the bill to stand.
After tremendous pressure on the Department of Homeland Security, Miller is advancing his agenda of not just blocking migrants from entering the country illegally, but making life in the U.S. so unbearable for legal immigrants that they leave the country.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance.
Trump attacking wind power is nothing new.
There are no more major cases against the NCAA proceeding currently, but Wilken has slowly eroded some of the NCAA’s favorite arguments and restrictions.
In the case of student debt cancellation, they also force people to make painful choices: Does a young couple put off getting married to get their student debt reduced? Do they wait another year before taking good jobs, so that they qualify? Must a struggling young person stay away from his parents’ home and couch-surf for a year to obtain the benefit?
Of course, social distancing will be inconceivable for football players and the results all too predictable in a world in which Covid-19 is likely to hang around for a long, long time. 
Many are mocking the president’s astonishing lack of understanding about even the most basic concepts of vaccines and how drug tests on them are performed.
The Democratic Party’s electorate is less enthusiastic about the 2020 election than their Republican counterparts, according to a HuffPost/YouGov survey, a split in attitudes that existed before the coronavirus pandemic caused voters of all ideological and partisan stripes to become less gung-ho about casting ballots in November.
Though Trump has not been as outspoken on vaccines as president as he was in the past, he has repeatedly falsely suggested that vaccines cause autism. 
Donald Trump appeared to make some important news via Twitter last night, announcing a dramatic new plan to use Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to remove “millions” of people from American soil.
This is all great news. It now looks like we have a safe, highly effective vaccine that has the potential to significantly reduce many forms of cancer. So why is it also becoming a key target of many anti-vaxxers?
This is how Warren has pushed the boundaries of progressive policy since coming to Washington. Instead of relying on the traditional D.C. think tank world, she made her office into her very own think tank.
Instead, they want to force women and their doctors to subject dying newborns to further horrific medical intervention, to needles and lights and loud voices and scalpels and machines that will only prolong the inevitable, only prolong their pain.
Things look less promising in the U.S. Last week, the Environmental Protection Agency confirmed that the Trump administration had relaxed enforcement of regulations to help polluting industries deal with the pandemic.
Of course, the famously corrupted higher education sports market is a happy NFL partner and crime may pay after all, as it often does in the Trump league.
Overwhelming evidence shows that vaccination — including the flu shot — is safe. And all major medical groups urge nearly everyone over age six months to get the yearly flu vaccine.
Conservative commentator Ben Shapiro wants you to know that he’s so pro-life, he wouldn’t even consider aborting baby Hitler.
In an era in which domestic terrorism is an increasingly deadly societal scourge, it’s dangerous when a sitting American president lies to rabid followers with tales of infants being executed in medical facilities.
Coach Guerrier adds that the referee’s continued mid-game scrutiny ultimately made “a spectacle” of her daughter, and that he continued to insist that something would have to be done as the child grows up and continues to compete in the sport.
Democrats are gearing up to turn abortion into a key issue for the 2020 elections, saying it could turn out to be an issue that mirrors the fight to preserve the Affordable Care Act in 2018. 
But so many anti-vaxxers add selfishness to their faults and put innocent children, who because of age or immune system deficiencies cannot be vaccinated, in danger.
Last summer, the Republican White House announced plans to roll back the tougher standards, making it easier for the automotive industry to sell less efficient vehicles that pollute more.
Trump, who opted against giving a Super Bowl pregame interview last year, made several eyebrow-raising remarks during his interview with host Margaret Brennan, touching on topics including his plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria and whether he would let his 12-year-old son play football.
Donald Trump, who was pro-choice in the not-too-distant past and never fit the mold of a far-right culture-war crusader, has taken a keen interest in abortion rights lately.
As banks leave low-income communities and jack up the cost of basic financial services such as checking accounts, many Americans instead have to rely on expensive and often predatory “fringe banking” institutions, such as check-cashing businesses, payday lenders and pawnshops.
This is one of the reasons why our politics seems so stuck. Not only do we have a hard time talking to each other, the very structure of our elections doesn’t require our politicians to even try. And when you win by turning out the base, why risk appealing to anyone else? A broken system not only elects politicians who need not listen to everyone, it actually incentivizes them to govern that way too.
But director Nick Sweeney’s forthcoming documentary on McCorvey, “AKA Jane Roe,” contains a major bombshell: her conversion from abortion rights icon to born-again Christian abortion opponent was “all an act.”
This unholy, unscientific alliance of right-wingers, COVID-19 truthers and anti-vaxxers became very clear recently following the viral spread of an anti-COVID-19 propaganda movie called “Plandemic,” featuring disgraced scientist-turned-anti-vaxxer ...
The “baby parts” debacle from a few years ago is another example of how the anti-choice movement is not a group sober-minded devout Christians who just love “life,” but in fact a bunch of fanatics who have contempt for the truth and think nothing of spinning wild stories and engaging in implausible thought-experiments in their efforts to smear feminists.
Since the coronavirus pandemic began, emboldened pro-life groups have used the public health crisis to try to disrupt access to abortion.
It probably has something to do with Pitlyk being a Federalist Society member, a former Brett Kavanaugh clerk, and a fierce opponent of reproductive rights who’s argued that fertility treatments and surrogacy have “grave” adverse effects on society.
Debates about the viability of school voucher programs have focused in recent months on programs with lackluster or spotty academic records. But there’s another issue raised by the potential expansion of public financing for private schools: an exacerbation of segregation.
After witnessing the right-wing reaction to Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden who spoke at the United Nations this week, there can be no doubt that modern-day conservatism, especially the Republican Party, functions primarily as a protection racket for the fragile egos of mediocre white men. 
It remains to be seen how players — whose wages span a wide spectrum in a league with no salary cap — will respond to the request following calls from government ministers to cut their often-astronomical wages.
But the timing made the mailer less of an attack than an argument in favor of Lewis George: It arrived in mailboxes as protests over police killings of Black people, including George Floyd in Minneapolis, broke out nationwide and sparked calls for massive overhauls of police departments across the country.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance. These groups have converged to spread the same dangerous and self-defeating message.
Although U.S.-based sporting goods companies now produce almost none of their own gear, increasing the cost of imports from China could still jeopardize thousands of U.S. white collar jobs in design, product development, and sales and marketing.
The specter of “abortion regret” has been used by lawmakers and judges alike to impose or uphold rules making it harder for people to get abortions.
But the national and global trends spin a tale of two separate realities. An irrational fear of vaccines among well-educated and largely white Americans has fueled an utterly preventable and dangerous disease that had been considered “eliminated” by scientists.
Reporting from Buzzfeed News Thursday evening exposed how President Donald Trump’s immigration policies led to four deaths and preventable surgeries for children held in the administration’s detention regime, including one eight-year-old boy whose forehead was partially removed.
In the seven years since, Warren has become the most active politician in America when it comes to investigating, transforming and eliminating student debt.
President Donald Trump says that voting by mail is “horrible” and “corrupt” because the “tremendous potential for voter fraud” helps Democrats win elections. But county-level election supervisors in his home state of Florida — where he recently cast a vote for himself, by mail — disagree, and are doing everything they can to ensure this crucial swing state can hold a safe election during the coronavirus pandemic.
Meanwhile, a pervasive celebrity culture — in which celebrities are considered trusted “experts” solely because of their fame — has poisoned the idea of what constitutes expertise.
Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden, the 16-year-old’s steely-eyed courage has helped inspire kids across the country — and the world — to join her call to strike from school last week and stand up for more aggressive action to combat the climate crisis.
Lexington’s Bishop John Stowe is admonishing Covington Catholic students insisting that the teens can’t claim to be “pro-life” while supporting a president who “denigrates” immigrants and refugees.
How anti-vaxxers target grieving moms and turn them into crusaders against vaccines
If Trump’s actions threatened to turn the culture war into an active shooting war, that would just be collateral damage on the road to his political recovery.
Reilly also suggested that Trump’s “grudge” against Puerto Rico correlates with a soured golf course deal on the island, and explained why the sport may be responsible for Trump’s embrace of a wild conspiracy theory about wind turbines causing cancer.
Biden, who based his successful bid for the Democratic nomination on the importance of defeating Trump and returning to normalcy, had long resisted calls to eliminate student debt.
Some people have expressed concern that full cancellation could reward wealthier—and whiter—people, who are less in need than others. But full cancellation will reduce the racial wealth gap. 
Ever since Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) revealed her plan to forgive student debt and make public universities free on Monday morning, the internet has been a carnival of bad faith, magical thinking and misinformation about the nature of college costs in the United States.
While each sport has its own rules with regards to religious headwear, Muslim women who compete while wearing a hijab have faced a litany of obstacles.
Indeed, that original NYT report suggested that the management at Trump’s club in New Jersey was well aware of the fact that it employed undocumented immigrants, and it deliberately took steps to obscure the fact that it broke the law – repeatedly, over the course of several years.
The result was a mess: car manufacturers, which had already begun taking steps to comply with the Obama-era tough fuel-efficiency standards for the auto industry, faced the prospect of having to make different vehicles to sell in different parts of the country.
But even as the job losses mounted into the tens of millions as the nation rushed to try to contain an already widespread pandemic, the President personally promoted miracle quack cures like hydroxychloroquine and demonstrated his unbridled personal buffoonery by wondering aloud about the possibility of drinking bleach and injecting sunlight as a method of curing oneself of coronavirus.
The New York Times recently published a fairly detailed fact-check of these Trump World arguments that democrats don’t mind executing babies after birth, and not surprisingly, the rhetoric is irresponsibly wrong.
As the ranks of Democratic Party 2020 presidential hopefuls continue to swell and Trump’s chaotic lawlessness proliferates it’s easy to miss a deepening crisis that’s already taking a toll on millions of households and is about to get much worse.
Indeed, just this week, Donald Trump, who once said the climate crisis was a hoax concocted by the Chinese, marveled at cold temperatures throughout the Midwest, convinced that the frigid weather is evidence of … something.
When did vaccines become politicized? Amid a measles outbreak, suddenly Republicans support anti-vaxxers.
The second side is represented by lenders, who – in my view – do little to assess an individual’s ability to repay a student loan. If a student borrows to enroll in a program, limits placed on amounts borrowed are quite high when federal and private loans are combined.
Those losses could be offset by efforts from activist group’s such as Ralph Reed’s Christian Coalition, which plans to spend tens of millions of dollars to identify and register new religious conservative voters and rallying right-wing Christians.
Because Trump’s plan to gut pollution safeguards was so drastic that many states announced plans to enforce stricter emissions standards on their own.
So, imagine the gall it would take to knock Winfrey for not being charitable enough. That’s what happened when a salty Instagram user slid into the comments under a photo Winfrey posted celebrating the graduates of Colorado College
From wildfires in Australia and California to hurricanes and flooding in Florida, a variety of extreme events will become more severe and more common as climate change accelerates.
The decision upends a determination by Republican Secretary of State Tre Hargett’s office that fear of catching or unwittingly spreading the virus at the polls wouldn’t qualify someone to vote by mail, The state argued such an expansion wouldn’t be feasible for the 2020 elections, claiming lack of money, personnel and equipment for increased voting by mail, among other concerns.
There was a point a few years ago at which some GOP officials, fearing a backlash in response to the “war on women,” pretended to be pro-choice and used highly deceptive rhetoric about contraception as a way to improve their electoral prospects.
Conway recycled a right-wing talking point that falsely claims a bill designed to loosen certain restrictions on late-term abortions in Virginia is “infanticide” during her Monday appearance on “Outnumbered Overtime with Harris Faulkner.”
Anti-vaccine groups take dangerous online harassment into the real world
In Washington, three key issues seemed to galvanize most of the protesters: climate change, immigration and reproductive rights.
In practice, that means it's hard to trust Bezos' pledge when Amazon, the source of his wealth, has been aggressively courting oil and gas companies with its cloud computing services and threatened workers who campaigned for stronger climate action with dismissal. 
Smith’s announcement Sunday at the all-male, historically black college in Atlanta, Georgia provoked impassioned calls for both making higher education free across the country and canceling student debt.
Though  Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was by no means the first to describe migrant detention centres as concentration camps — disgraced Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio boasted his “tent city” in the Sonora Desert was just that — her comments ignited a firestorm of controversy.
Unbelievably, with all they had seen their child suffer, his parents not only refused the doctor’s suggestion that he receive another DTaP vaccination they also declined all the other scheduled vaccinations the boy had missed.
Donald Trump announced at the time that the Environmental Protection Agency would be led, at least temporarily, by Andrew Wheeler – a former lobbyist for, among others, Murray Energy, one of the nation’s largest coal companies and former chief counsel for Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.), one of the nation’s preeminent climate deniers.
It is a monumental ode to human stupidity that the wealthiest nation in the world teeters on the edge of a dangerous measles epidemic at the same time that poor nations are struggling to vaccinate their residents. 
Protecting pregnant women, new mothers and children is about more than scoring political points with anti-choice legislation.
The failure to act to ameliorate global warming exposes the myth of human progress and the illusion that we are rational creatures. 
Inhibiting travel and commerce—not to mention making consular interviews deeply intrusive on a gendered basis—by imposing restrictions on pregnant women is an alarmist reaction to a small issue.
There may be pushback among Democrats. If so, I hope the ones doing the pushing will reconsider. We have treated our younger generations, and many older people, unjustly. The act of recognizing an injustice we hadn’t seen before makes us more human and refines us as moral beings.
Trump reportedly told advisers during a “contentious” meeting on Monday that he wanted to deploy as many as 10,000 National Guard troops to D.C., Reuters reported. But Defense Secretary Mark Esper, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley and Attorney General William Barr reportedly pushed back.
For those who think this country needs baseball now to raise its depressed spirits, you might consider a cautionary historical precedent, the Summer of Swat of 1998.
As a political calculation, it shows Biden’s campaign is confident about their standing with many suburban moderates who were swing voters in the past but have moved solidly into the Democratic Party during Trump’s presidency, offended by his bullying demeanor and chaotic style.
But there’s also an intensifying global climate crisis, which carries life-changing risks for billions of people.
A slew of other world leaders and senior officials lined up to express their dismay over what they said was Trump's willingness to hamper the WHO just when the world needs it the most.
Since the start of the coronavirus outbreak, Trump has hampered efforts to slow the virus’s spread and encouraged Americans’ restlessness under quarantine.
But Trump and his most ardent supporters seem almost physically repulsed at the very idea of wearing a mask. One Republican Ohio state legislator even claimed that since “we are all created in the image and likeness of God,” covering the face with a mask is an affront to God’s creation.
The man-made Amazon fires are for clearing the land of its forests and indigenous people. The benefits are for Jair Bolsonaro’s cronies, while producing a climate disaster for the world.
Tlaib charged that Israel is using U.S. funding to further its goal of an ethno-supremacist state.
Of course, billionaires and corporations that reaped millions of dollars from the GOP tax cuts pumped some of that windfall into Republican campaigns, allowing Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., to retain control of the Senate.
The Christian Right, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers are so twisted that they have even turned Dr. Anthony Fauci into one of the objects of their hatred. Fauci, an expert immunologist who is part of Trump’s coronavirus task force, has had to increase his security detail because of death threats from extremists who believe he is exaggerating the threat in order to undermine Trump’s presidency.
For Fox, Clinton, Omar, and Ocasio-Cortez represent perfect targets in terms of riling up its intolerant base: Clinton is a woman of a certain age, while Ocasio-Cortez and Omar are women of a certain heritage.
A bold statement Wednesday from former Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis eviscerating Donald Trump has landed like a bomb in the Senate Republican caucus, sending members fleeing in all different directions.
The justices threw out a challenge from gun rights groups.
Apparently, even many people within the gun rights movement are concerned and are working to prevent people from openly bringing weapons to the rally but with leaders like Tucker Carlson and Donald Trump rooting them on, the “good people” who will descend on Richmond on January 20 may feel like they have approval to light a spark.
It was at this point that Trump thought it’d be a good idea to start bragging.
More subtly, however, Pelosi is also using her gender to put Trump — who is visibly unnerved by having any woman around that isn’t clearly there to serve him, sexually or otherwise — on his heels. 
India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi is often compared to Donald Trump, especially when it comes to his anti-Muslim policies.
Carmen Lodato wears a pin with her mother’s face — a reminder of the heart-wrenching murder six years ago in Alexandria, Va., that got her into the fight for gun control. 
Palmer had been using the power of deputization to create a private armed force comprised of his political supporters—and he gave them tremendous powers, including the ability to harass his enemies.
Bear in mind that none of these moneyed elites did anything to earn these extraordinary bonanzas. They didn’t work any harder, didn’t get smarter, didn’t add anything of value to society but simply reclined in luxury and let their money make money. 
Right-wing media sprung into action to try to discredit her, of course, by implying that a woman who graduated summa cum laude with an economics degree is a bimbo and with  Twitchy using a screenshot to make the usually genial Ocasio-Cortez somehow look like a ballbuster.
Perhaps the pushback from the Pentagon will increase the political cost, but if congressional Republicans won’t break with the president, then he’ll probably be able to create the carnage he seeks without too much difficulty.
In an apparent attempt to divert attention from a lacklustre White House effort to counter the COVID-19 pandemic and a tone-deaf approach to racial injustice, President Donald Trump has entered into another of his many quagmires where he seems to have spoken first and contemplated later.
A year after a Democratic wave swept an unprecedented number of women and people of color into higher office all across America, and at a time when Trump’s approval rating is cratering, women should not be afraid of nominating another woman to drive Trump and his brand of pig-headed patriarchy out of the Oval Office.
Gun enthusiasts cannot admit that they like firearms because they fear black people.
But the Christian Right embodies a dangerous form of Christianity that is bitterly anti-science, and its ideology goes hand in hand with white nationalism and the coronavirus truther movement.
Trump again drew a misleading comparison between the coronavirus and the seasonal flu, telling his supporters that "35,000 on average each year die from the flu, that's a lot of people."
The Obama and then the Trump administrations supported repressive and corrupt governments that followed Zelaya’s ouster, giving a green light to assassinations of dissidents and journalists, government-linked drug trafficking, and spiraling crime.
Ocasio-Cortez used this weekend’s news cycle to continue highlighting the evils of wealth inequality, and to draw attention to serious policy fixes for the problem.
The destruction of the middle class is destroying democracies and paving the way for authoritarian rule.
Consistently, Trump has fed the menacing right-wing misinformation machine by repeatedly insisting that the virus is “going to go away.” He has systematically undermined his own top scientists and is now ignoring them altogether.
The U.S.-Saudi war in Yemen, the bloody war that Trump continued, over the bipartisan congressional objections, has generated the world’s worst humanitarian crisis, and it is farther than ever from success.
The harshest attack on Trump and military action against civilians was issued in The Atlantic on Wednesday by former Defense Secretary and retired Marine Corps general Jim Mattis. He hailed peaceful protesters for working for a better future.
But in her rush for snarky liberal-bashing, Swoyer misses the real story about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s pricey haircut: the blatant and disparate “female tax” that women in power must pay to achieve and maintain their power.
And while some of these more cartoonish members are still on Capitol Hill we’re occasionally reminded about the torch being passed to a new generation of lawmakers who are equally difficult to take seriously.
It’s the golden age of women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
Coronavirus truthers ignorantly believe that the mainstream media, Democrats, liberals, progressives and Never Trump conservatives have been exaggerating the threat of COVID-19.
But then, science has never been a strong point of the Christian Right or white nationalists. They are bitterly anti-science, which is why they so deeply resent anyone who offers accurate information on the pandemic — be it Dr. Fauci or reporters at CNN and MSNBC.
It would indeed be out of character for the Trump administration to take any firm stand against criminalizing homosexuality, since Trump — despite his campaign promises that he would live and let live — has been one of the most LGBTQ-hostile presidents in modern politics.
Tedros and his agency have been on the defensive after President Donald Trump of the United States — the WHO’s biggest single donor — last week ordered a halt to U.S. funding for the agency, alleging that it botched the early response to the outbreak.
It’s no exaggeration to say that everything that Trump has done since then has been a pathetic effort to nuh-uh the hecklers and prove that he’s no #BunkerBoy, but a big, tough guy who will totally kick your ass without breaking a sweat. He’ll shove the White House doctor out to tell some more lies about Trump’s health, if that’s what it takes.
Iowa farmers are bearing the brunt of the U.S. trade war with China as Donald Trump continues to threaten increased tariffs on Chinese imports.
The note, which was full of anti-Semitic language and lauded white supremacy, named the Christchurch shooter and the man accused of fatally shooting 11 people.
Throughout his presidency, Trump has shown a penchant for quick fixes and slapdash policies aimed at satisfying the short-term appetites of his base, no matter how much it hurts the country’s long-term welfare.
Meanwhile, white supremacist propaganda distribution nearly tripled from 2017 to 2018, according to the ADL, which also documented a rise in racist rallies and demonstrations.
But behind the scenes, Trump was getting briefings. Terrible briefings. Really awful stuff. His own campaign manager, Brad Parscale, who was reported to have spent his hefty paycheck from the Trump campaign on condos, a luxury boat and a Ferrari, met with him and showed him his internal poll numbers.
While many women, and the men who love them, are well aware that, spurred on by the Vatican, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) and the so-called personhood movement, Republicans are working feverishly to eradicate women’s reproductive rights.
White nationalists also expressed excitement Tuesday about Trump's plan to use an executive order to end "birthright citizenship," the automatic grant of citizen status to anyone born in the United States.
Sen. Ernst’s flippancy shows how little she and other Republicans think of the grannies and grandpas, dads and moms, and working men and women who have broken their backs to pay taxes and provide for their families.
On Friday, Trump claimed he had reached a landmark last-minute immigration deal with Mexico, which meant he no longer had to impose the tariffs he had been threatening, part of his incoherent southern-border policy.
And the oligarch billionaires have been waiting for just this moment, funding massive voter suppression, right-wing media, politicians who tell us that up is down, and efforts to keep their colleague, billionaire Donald Trump, in office.
Trump has also in his years in the White House frequently praised the use of violence. He told police officers in 2017 that they shouldn’t worry about hitting suspects’ heads as they place them in patrol cars. And on a conference call with governors on Monday, he berated them for not “dominating” the streets of their cities.
Power is pretty much all the racist right wants.
At the World Economic Forum in the Swiss Alps, Trump argued that a regime of tax cuts, regulatory rollbacks and protectionist trade policies have benefited the working class.
As shocking as it is, even the terrorists of ISIS have been shown for respect for science when it comes to COVID-19 than the Christian Right, American white nationalists and coronavirus truthers. And the more the Christian Right rails against Fauci and social distancing, the more painfully obvious it becomes that they are a white nationalist death cult.
So conservative activists are turning to their favorite weapons — bad faith and distraction — to advance an agenda of gender inequality.
In a three-part breakdown of how Trump has failed this moment and the nation, (Ret.) Gen. Allen specifically called out this administration singling out antifa—a leaderless movement that is, by definition, anti-fascist—as a terrorist group while ignoring the white supremacists who have been proven to be inciting violence at some of these protests.
President Donald Trump clearly wasn’t pleased on Wednesday when he learned that his former Defense Secretary James Mattis had spoken out against him. So the president responded in his usual and predictable way: lashing out on Twitter.
As the president spoke about doing “a lot” to address gun violence, while also emphasizing mental health, it was hard not to think of one of the first bills Trump signed into law.
How far will Republicans go to destroy democracy?
While low unemployment and steadily — if slowly — rising wages have improved the fortunes of lower-income Americans, these gains pale in comparison to the investment gains realized by the wealthy few.
Remarkably, the first three years of Trump’s presidency were relatively smooth sailing outside of self-inflicted crimes and mishaps. His actual approach to life was never fully tested in the Oval Office. Now, with the first real challenge of his presidency, he is utterly adrift.
He is asking President Trump, a fellow climate change disbeliever and another white nationalist, for help with dousing the fires.
Team Trump simply decided to consider changes that would have dramatic effects on those who rely on the social-insurance programs.
And yes, there’s something in the Fox News DNA over the years that has meant that women political opponents spark a deeper sense of outrage and hate.
When the nation's highest civilian honor went to a right-wing media personality, it served as an oddly appropriate capstone to Trump's broader goals.
Not only would House Bill 2320 rescind the rights for same-sex marriage, it also would cement into law a litany of far right wing extremist claims, including that being LGBTQ is a “mythology,” government recognition of LGBTQ people is “the greatest sham since the inception of American jurisprudence,” and the proposition that there “are no ex-blacks but there are thousands of ex-gays.”
If Donald Trump was willing to have Americans gassed and beaten so he could stage a photo opportunity, what will he be willing to do to retain the presidency come election time?
We could also point out how many of us said Trump and his party, unable to pay for their massive tax breaks for the wealthy, would invariably go after Medicare and Medicaid to help finance the tax giveaways – just as Republicans are doing now.
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern last month said she’s baffled by America’s failure to pass stricter gun laws, despite the wave of mass shootings that have taken place across the country over the last few decades.
Trump has shown at best a hazy grasp of his actual powers during his presidency and instead has made broad statements about his authority under the Constitution.
Trump could sit on live TV, peeing his pants and whimpering that the protesters are coming for him, and his base would stick by him and claim to see courage in the urine puddles below his chair, just so long as he keeps the racism and the lib-triggering coming. They know he’s a “Bunker Boy,” but will pretend they don’t see it until the bitter end.
The leader of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has been groomed by the right-wing, xenophobic and Islamophobic Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) along with its polticial arm, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Part of the reason billionaires can swoop in and position themselves as the saviors on so many different issues — climate change being the latest — is that government has failed to take bold action.
A new report reveals that the 2017 GOP tax law was rife with monumental self-dealing by rich GOP lawmakers who have since benefited bigly.
While Trump has stopped short of invoking the 1807 act to use the military to enforce laws domestically, he’s kept the option open, fomenting further unrest and division. Rather than staging photo opportunities while awkwardly holding a Bible in Lafayette Square, Trump would have issued a formal proclamation calling on the insurgents to disperse if he’s serious about the application of the Insurrection Act.
He justified his racism by saying that “many people agree with me,” and by continuing to rave on Twitter about how the real purveyors of “racist hatred” are those who look askance at his embracing the rhetoric of Stormfront and the KKK.
While, in the wake of the El Paso murders, the media and most of our politicians are acting shocked—“shocked, I tell you!”—that there are armed racists in America who are trying to terrify people of color, the reality is that it’s pretty much always been that way here in the United States.
It’s paramount now, as Fox News and the right-wing noise machine try to take down a new generation of Democratic women leaders, that everyone understands the strategy in play.
The number of April background checks to purchase a firearm showed Americans flocking to gun stores in high numbers for the second month in a row amid worries about the coronavirus pandemic.
AOC, like all powerful women, has to go through a rigorous beauty regimen simply to exist in the public eye.
Nearly 60 percent of Americans now support the marginal tax rate program Ocasio-Cortez has proposed uncluding a remarkable 45 percent of Republicans, despite all the work right-wing media has done to demonize Ocasio-Cortez and anything related to her.
After all, who else are they going to find who would be willing to just openly gaslight members of Congress, telling them not to believe the evidence of the dead in Pittsburgh and Christchurch and El Paso and many other mass-killing sites, by wielding her blackness like a shield?
President Donald Trump, however, would have us all eat our “one marshmallow now” with a reckless return to pre-pandemic life. He would risk igniting a second wave of infection, which would entail the needless sacrifice of thousands of more lives and a squandered chance to lay the foundation for a durable post-pandemic economy.
President Donald Trump addressed an audience of the global business elite in Davos on Tuesday to make the case that ordinary Americans have been the chief beneficiaries of his administration’s “America first” maxim.
Gun control groups hit back, saying the closures are strictly a public health matter — even as a number of sympathetic Democratic governors acknowledge bowing to pressure from lawsuits and the Trump administration.
 Democracy probably cannot survive, after all, if one of our two major political parties is indifferent to its fate.
Since Trump was elected, the Fox News programming that promotes white nationalist ideas has slowly grown both in airtime and in severity. 
The photograph of Katie Bouman sitting in front of her computer with the first black hole image instantly made her the face of the project — which is why an informal coterie of sexist trolls kicked off a sexist investigation to invalidate her contributions.
Former GOP strategist Steve Schmidt on Monday rebuked President Donald Trump’s fumbling response to the coronavirus pandemic, suggesting the United States would not be facing “catastrophe” if former President Barack Obama were still in office
Thanks to the GOP’s commitment to voter suppression, paired with decades of phony rhetoric about voter fraud, millions of black and brown Americans have no access to the ballot box.
This dark new event revealed that America’s white nationalism problem goes far beyond Trump
Though conservatives try to demonize Ocasio-Cortez an Omar, their actual policy views are perfectly mainstream.  The New York lawmaker proposed a 70 percent tax on top incomes — a view backed by public opinion and many well-respected economists.
The network also hypes the idea that nonwhite immigrants are dirty and diseased, as well as inherently criminal.
Many pointed out at the time of the Park Police’s first statement denying use of “tear gas” was obviously misleading. But Trump and his right-wing defenders jumped on it. Most prominently, Federalist writer Mollie Hemingway wrote a piece, shared by the president, accusing the media of falsely reporting that tear gas was used, even though the crowd was exposed to gases and compounds that clearly caused tears and severe irritation.
But even if there was a president in the Oval Office who took the issue seriously, there’s still a do-nothing Senate to contend with.
In today’s America, someone with this much money can buy so much advertising and self-promotion that he automatically becomes a Serious Presidential Candidate just by virtue of wanting the job and having the capacity to self-finance a campaign.
Democratic U.S. Rep. David Cicilline of Rhode Island eloquently blasted Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida during Wednesday’s House hearing on gun control.
The NRA has long agitated to crush tougher gun control laws in this country but for its officials to be directly engaged in trutherism about school shootings is a new low.
...we sounded the alarm in the early months of Trump’s presidency, when prime-time Fox News host Tucker Carlson began to experiment with segments that used euphemisms like “Western civilization” to package the idea that white people are inherently more civilized while people of color are a threat to national stability.
Even before Trump started to make a big show out of not wearing a mask, it was common, at least in my South Philadelphia neighborhood, to see MAGA-hat-clad white men walking around without masks, delivering contemptuous sneers to the rest of us suckers who are covering our noses and mouths. 
That the Secret Service takes precautions to protect the president in a time of chaos is, in itself, to be expected. But the contrast between Trump’s chest-thumping and the fact that he was cowering in the basement was objectively funny.  Unsurprisingly, a lot of people made fun of him, and he didn’t like it.
Polling for the Democratic nomination tells a depressing story for those seeking to break the glass ceiling and make the ultimate stand against patriarchy: the top contenders for the Democratic nomination are currently all white men.
A good conclusion to draw might be that the charity of the top 0.1 percent and of corporations both are vastly overstated and not even fractionally as useful as simply taxing them at the same effective rate as the rest of us pay, so maybe we should get on with that already.
When he finally spoke in the Rose Garden on Monday, Trump threatened to deploy the military against American citizens if the governors didn’t take his advice for a more forceful crackdown. This threat didn’t appear to cow anyone, and only increased the anger. 
With this in mind, the Trump administration reportedly hopes to reduce poverty in the United States, not by making a material difference in struggling families’ finances, but by tinkering with the threshold for what counts as poverty.
Also, decades of NRA propaganda have convinced people to associate guns with safety and, indeed, as the economy craters, the NRA is treating this crisis as another opportunity to sell guns to people.
In recent months, Trump has begun aggressively attacking mail voting, a process that is standard in some states now and which many others are expanding because of concerns that in-person voting could spread the coronavirus. Trump has repeatedly claimed that expanding voting by mail will let Democrats cheat, even though he, his press secretary and a top adviser have all voted by mail in recent elections.
Coronavirus: E.U. blasts Trump's travel ban as it unleashes chaos and confusion.
‘A new low’: Washington Post media critic blows up Tucker Carlson’s absurd lies about white nationalism
The utter failure of private capitalism to prepare for the coronavirus should have surprised no one. Private capitalism, as business school graduates repeat, focuses on profit. The “profit incentive,” they learn, makes private capitalism the superior, “most efficient” economic system available.
And so, while demonstrations began to spread and police engaged in ruthless attacks on nonviolent protesters, Americans have been subjected to Trump trying — feebly, but at great cost to both taxpayers and public safety — to assuage his ego by demanding that his real life display of weenie-ness be “fixed” with reshoots and post-production edits.
Sanders' team feels he has been unfairly and inaccurately accused of sexism while Warren's allies took special offense to Sanders' campaign manager going on TV to say her recollection of events was a "lie."
We finally know what it takes to get the House to examine gun violence: it’s not a mass shooting; it’s an election.
Many people in politics and media are still not used to female power, and Pelosi’s novel position, while creating some pointless problems for her, also gives her some surprising advantages.
In an age when media stardom apparently confers some kind of universal expertise, it’s probably not a complete surprise that Republican House leaders keep trotting out pundit/provocateur Candace Owens to testify in congressional hearings on what should be a matter requiring the utmost seriousness and gravity: white nationalist terrorism and its toll on the American social fabric.
The mass protests could put Trumpism to a serious test. The president has urged police to come down hard on protesters, and now there’s an endless highlight reel of cops brutalizing people in the way Black Lives Matter activists have always said they do.
It can take hard work, creativity, perseverance and luck to become a millionaire, but in today’s skewed wealth system, multibillionaires don’t need any of that — their money does all the work to lift them above everyone else.
Trump’s profound megalomania, impulsiveness, and defective character is what got us where we are today. If we are to have any shot at a real recovery, he needs to go.
Pompeo appeared hopelessly lost when WSMV’s Nancy Amon was far better prepared for an interview than he was.
When far-right white evangelicals, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers rail against social distancing and encourage large gatherings, they are encouraging suicidal behavior. And there have been many examples.
It's not just governments and international organizations that have lined up to express dismay at Trump's move. Experts, entrepreneurs and others have also been quick to condemn the announcement.
Finally, he launched into a meandering rant about Biden, suggesting that under the Obama administration, nothing was done to fix policing in the United States. While the previous administration surely didn’t do enough, and Biden himself has contributed to the criminal justice problems in the country, Trump completely ignored the fact that the Obama Justice Department actually did take significant steps toward reform following the protests in Ferguson.
Before President Donald Trump threatened to violently suppress demonstrations in memory of Floyd, before the spread of recording equipment let the world witness how U.S. police brutalize non-white bodies and before “I can’t breathe” became a global rallying cry challenging American cruelty and injustice, America tried to explain its racism to the world.
We don’t need to embrace full-on socialism communism, and Ocasio-Cortez is swift to say that, but the floor needs to come up and the ceiling needs to come down.
It is no wonder why Republicans insisted on ramming through incredibly unpopular tax cuts for American corporations that were already making near-record profits, even at the risk of losing control of the House of Representatives. 
It may have taken Trump to point out the pitfalls of the Chimerica link, but coming up with a coherent strategy to replace it is clearly beyond the president’s abilities.
The president has failed miserably at handling the first serious challenges of his presidency: COVID-19 and the racial justice protests, Conway charged. They have not only revealed the incompetence of the “failing, flailing” president, but his inhumanity as well, Conway argued.
Women in power must pay a significant tax on their limited time to sit for manicures, blowouts, brow waxes, and braids, rather than meeting with constituents, reviewing legislation, conducting investigations, chasing a story, traveling to their districts, reviewing their notes, or spending time with their families.
The Trump regime appears to have given up on containing the outbreak and is just focusing on managing the political fallout. This week, the White House rejected its own sensible, science-based guidelines to re-open states, and Trump has left it up to governors to decide how and when to reopen their economies.
It matters that figures like Marsha Blackburn are trying to smear a decorated American war hero. It also matters why she's engaged in such a toxic scheme.
The startling, aggressive attacks on peaceful protesters by the National Guard occurred after a “pointed threat” from the Pentagon that if the Guard couldn’t handle the situation, active-duty military units would be sent to deal with civilians, the Times reported.
If she doesn't want to thank him for his honorable service, that's her business, but these ugly attempts at smearing him are unbecoming of those in positions of authority.
In Europe, no government has joined Trump’s anti-Iran crusade (though John Bolton is whispering in the ear of the new Trump-loving prime minister, Boris Johnson.)
In Tuesday night's debate, the two progressive senators de-escalated a tense round of tit-for-tat exchanges between their presidential campaigns over the charged issues of gender and electability.
During that address, Lindell, a former drug addict turned born-again Christian who has donated more than $200,000 to Trump’s election efforts, went off-script, proclaiming to the nation that Trump had been “chosen by God.”
While the workaday majority of Americans continue to be mired in our low-wage economy, the precious few at the tippy top soared out of sight in 2019.
Even if you don’t speak white nationalist dog whistle, this speech is pretty shocking. Hawley is claiming that the United States is run, and has been run, by a secret group of international “elites” who value terrible things—such as education, achievement, and progress.
People were tear-gassed, manhandled, shoved, battered with clubs and slammed with shields on Monday to clear the way for Trump to cross the street from the White House for a photo op at St. John’s Episcopal Church. The onslaught against the protesters began 25 minutes before a 7 p.m. curfew. 
The targeted killing is the latest demonstration of how, two decades after the CIA spotted but was unable to kill a man they believed was al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan, the U.S. has become adept at hunting and killing its enemies, particularly in the troubled regions of the Middle East, South Asia and Africa.
But, whether this switch constitutes a true win for the racist right or not, it’s clear that MAGA conservatives are highly attuned to how decisions are made in the White House and which positions they want to control.
Rep. Gaetz, known for spreading fake news, conspiracy theories and lies, and supporting the alt-right, announced to the House Judiciary Committee that undocumented immigrants are to blame for gun violence and building President Trump’s wall would reduce the violence.
Now Modi has made international headlines for yet another similarity: He’s constructing a massive wall … but unlike Trump’s goal of keeping immigrants out, Modi’s wall was built to hide the country’s poverty from the gold-plated American president.
The Never Trumper Republicans of The Lincoln Project have mobilized former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis’s scathing broadside against the president in their latest attack on Donald Trump.
I'm also struck by Blackburn's style of needlessly toxic politics, once again questioning the patriotism of a decorated U.S. Army combat veteran who earned a Purple Heart.
...immigrants as criminals and eugenics, all of which were once considered fringe and extreme. White nationalists embrace white supremacist and white separatist views.
Nevertheless, Trump and other Republicans have tarred the protests as havens for terrorists intent on destroying property. 
Miller is the architect of President Donald Trump's hardline immigration policies that have separated children from parents, forced people seeking asylum in the U.S. to wait in Mexico under squalid conditions, instituted the Muslim ban and poured money from the military into border wall construction.
This, of course, was before the president ignored his national security team, withdrew U.S. forces from northern Syria, and effectively invited Turkey to launch a brutal offensive against our Kurdish allies.
For years now, Fox News has been mainstreaming arguments that used to be the province of  fringe websites run by neo-Nazis and other groups who believe the U.S. is meant to be a country of white people and for white people
Trump, who ran on a promise to build a southern border wall, used the outbreak as another opportunity to attack Democrats' position on immigration and border security.
Before they decide whether to let this stand, congressional Republicans should probably have an uncomfortable conversation.
Radical Virginia Citizens Defense League has organized a rally in Richmond for January 20, and the event is already attracting out-of-state pro-gun folks, including a potential horde of white nationalists.
There is no way to fling the footage into the Trash folder, or to edit the crap out of it until it sends the “right” message. Trump’s continued demands that the world act like a reality-show producer who can keep giving him mulligans only reaffirms that he is, above all things, a narcissistic moron.
The whole endeavor, born of desperation, became an embarrassing fiasco for the president, but there was an underlying point of real significance: Trump and his allies realized that the American mainstream didn’t see the value of the regressive GOP tax plan, which disproportionately benefited the wealthy and big corporations.
We could turn our attention to the fact that Republicans spent much of the last decade falsely accusing Democrats of supporting Medicare cuts through the Affordable Care Act, only to have a GOP White House actually propose taking an ax to the social-insurance program.
How the coronavirus pandemic shows that Christian white nationalism is a much greater threat to the US than radical Islam
Even Richard Nixon, to whom Trump likes to compares himself to, was occasionally willing to venture out into crowds of protesters to talk to them. Trump, however, is such a wuss that he made his cadre of protectors tear-gas people rather than subject himself to a crowd’s insults. Far from proving he was a tough guy, Trump’s actions only led to another round of taunting about his wimpiness.
Israel has a vested interest in escalation, not de-escalation, with Iran.
President Donald Trump offered an unusual warning to Virginia farmers on Tuesday, suggesting that gun control will leave their potatoes defenseless. 
The message from the Bouman backlash is that if you are a woman who becomes the face of a massive scientific breakthrough, sexist internet trolls will spend way too much of their time harassing you and trying to disprove your credibility.
Donald Trump, by design, is a chaos monster who shovels crap out faster than people can process it.
Trump has weaponized the word “hoax” throughout his presidency, using it to belittle and discredit former special counsel Robert Mueller’s probe into Russian election interference as well as his impeachment trial.
After Stephen Miller's white nationalist views outed, Latinos ask, 'where's the GOP outrage?'
Putin remains popular with many Russians, although his trust ratings have taken a beating after the introduction of a very unpopular pension reform in 2018.
He lied about matters large and small. He refused to shake House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's outstretched hand. He talked up a divisive culture war.
Trump proceeded to ignore multiple other attempts made over subsequent weeks by his advisers and Republican allies to get him to take the pandemic seriously. Instead he dismissed their warnings as “alarmist” and would go on to hold a number of rallies (seven) and golfing outings (three) between learning of Obama’s pandemic playbook and ultimately declaring a national emergency.
The dynamic exposes two underappreciated realities of Trump’s Iran obsession: Any U.S. war on Iran will ignite war in Iraq, and U.S. credibility is visibly faltering across the region. 
But it’s getting increasingly difficult to maintain the myth that the enormous wealth inequality in not just American society but the entire world somehow reflect a system that’s fairly rewarding people for their talent and labor.
Of course Trump doesn’t care about other people, only his ego and his appearance. Reporting from the Associated Press confirms this, as a Thursday article explained Trump told advisers that wearing a mask would “send the wrong message.”
And sure, Republicans are stupid enough to go out and get infected, doing the virus’ dirty work for it. But the economy isn’t going anywhere as long as most people, who are sane and smart, refuse to put themselves in danger for a movie or haircut.
Extreme gun advocacy group called Rocky Mountain Gun Owners cares more about fear-based fundraising and the money it generates than the policies they claim that money supports.
Authoritarianism experts who worried about Trump’s tendencies during his campaign and his first years in office are now sounding fresh alarms following the clearing of a park adjacent to the White House on Monday using gas, flash-bang grenades, pepper pellets and other aggressive tactics ― all so he could stand in front of a church he does not attend and be photographed holding a Bible.
Trump has kept it up ever since, instructing federal police to tear-gas peaceful protesters outside the White House on Monday evening to clear the area for his ludicrous photo-op holding a Bible in front of St. John’s Episcopal Church in Lafayette Square, a stunt that outraged the bishop who oversees that church.
South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, a Democratic candidate for president in 2020, called out President Donald Trump for not doing enough to nip white nationalism in the bud, and thereby being partially responsible for mass shootings like the one in El Paso on Saturday.
The Treasury Department’s inspector general is looking into the opportunity zone program following stories by ProPublica and The New York Times about how the tax break meant to help the poor had been manipulated by billionaires.
Trump supporters obviously don’t want to admit this. If you turn on Fox News, read Breitbart and The Daily Wire or browse through the cesspools of YouTube or Reddit, you’ll find plenty of people who spin or defend Trump’s bungling.
The report is an in-depth analysis of the Parkland shooting and offers a searing critique of the school and sheriff department’s ability to stymie the bloodshed.
Given the potential enormous risks of destabilizing the region, the Trump administration needed a strong justification for launching the strike that killed revered Iranian military leader Qassim Suleimani.
Trump was caught on tape during the visit apparently telling his wife to “smile” (she briefly complied, but then spent the rest of the visit looking like a hostage) and then generating images that are terrifying, but not for the reasons the president may have hoped.
The fact that many Democratic women are no longer convinced that a woman can beat Trump, and are supporting white men for reasons of electability, is a tragedy. 
The white supremacists and other far right extremists are super-gun-owners, they are armed to the teeth, and law enforcement is understandably reluctant to get them het up.
At least 25 transgender or gender-nonconforming people were killed in violent attacks in the United States last year, according to the Human Rights Campaign, which has been tracking anti-trans violence since at least 2015.
It’s all part of an endless, dehumanizing Fox News campaign to silence opponents, and specifically to silence and intimidate Democratic women.
Pompeo confronts simple questions he just can't seem to answer.
The white nationalist who said “Hail Trump” and “hail our people” during a conference in Washington D.C. on Saturday — and who received straight-armed Nazi-like salutes in response ...
Even the European Union (with the Maastricht Treaty in 1993) has adopted the radical economic and political ideologies of Thatcherism and Reaganism—neoliberalism—that benefitted wealthy elites while forcing austerity on its poorer member nations, inflicting massive pain and inciting right-wing movements in Greece, Spain and Italy, among others.
For one thing, Trump’s impatience now threatens to undo the measures of the last ten weeks. Thanks in part to the foment of anti-lockdown protesters tacitly endorsed by Trump, governors are under increasing political pressure to reopen quickly—perhaps too soon.
Numerous gun control proposals have been thwarted in the U.S. Congress, largely because of opposition by Republican lawmakers and the influential National Rifle Association gun rights lobby.
Lebanese citizens from across sectarian divides came together in a rare display in unity late last year after proposed tax hikes enraged an already struggling populace.
But existing U.S. sanctions already place such huge obstacles in the way of Iranian oil exports and imports of food, medicine, and other consumer products that it is hard to imagine what further pain these new sanctions can possibly inflict on the besieged people of Iran.
Fearful and insecure Americans are taking advantage of weak and ineffective gun-control laws and stocking up, as President Trump might say, “like never before.”
Many Latino voters know from personal and family experience how U.S. foreign policies drive people from their homes. 
Former Australia Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ripped Donald Trump’s botched handling of the coronavirus pandemic in a new op-ed, describing the U.S. president as a “quack apothecary” for hyping unproven cures
The Black Lives Matter movement, sparked by police murdering Black people, predates Trump’s presidency by several years, but the president personifies the kind of systemic racism the movement has always decried.
Earlier, the Welt am Sonntag German newspaper reported that President Donald Trump had offered funds to lure CureVac to the United States
This is why Donald Trump is awake at 2:30 a.m., rage-tweeting. When he sleeps, he dreams, and his dreams are nightmares. He’s a frightened, desperate man. Every day, he turns on his television, and the death count from the COVID-19 virus keeps going up. 
On the other hand, it’s also true that men often use the “it’s not me, it’s the world” cover to discourage women’s dreams and ambitions, and often for self-serving reasons.
Fox News has gone so deep into white nationalism that Donald Trump now believes it’s how he’ll win in 2020
And although nearly every Republican has sold their souls to Trump, none of them want to cross someone with the moral authority of Gen. Mattis, who counseled Americans in no uncertain terms to abandon Trump.
However, much discrimination in today’s workplace is not intentional but fueled by unconscious gender stereotypes.
Shortcomings in the technology used by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and insufficient training of the agency’s staff have made transgender and gender nonconforming travelers particularly vulnerable to invasive searches at airport checkpoints, interviews and a review of documents and data shows.
While Americans still cling to sexist gender roles at home, overwhelming majorities believe that sex discrimination in public spaces should be illegal.
Few could have anticipated that the historic release of the first image of a black hole would devolve into a public spectacle of sexist outrage — though such are the times we live in, in which literally every news item is picked apart by reactionaries.
his is another example of Trump’s false dichotomy between saving the economy and fighting the virus. After all, the economy isn’t going to recover if millions are sick and people are afraid to leave their houses — and early evidence from the states that have tried to “reopen” their economies makes that clear.
For that matter, Christianity is equally anti-suicide. And yet, the Christian Right and many of President Donald Trump’s far-right white evangelical supporters have been encouraging behavior that is suicidal. 
But at least ISIS had enough common sense and scientific knowledge to realize that coronavirus posed a major threat to its members; in the U.S., the Christian Right and white nationalists have failed to take coronavirus seriously.
While, in the wake of the El Paso murders, the media and most of our politicians are acting shocked that there are armed racists in America who are trying to terrify people of color, the reality is that it’s pretty much always been that way here in the United States.
For some on the right, all references to massacres such as these are supposed to avoid phrases such as “mass shooting” and “gun violence,” because the rhetoric, according to the right, might imply there’s something wrong with guns. 
The Republicans’ corporate tax cuts also magnified economic inequality, said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
But our new research disproves the admittedly tempting idea that merely putting a woman in power improves gender equality. 
Today, the cumulative stress of Donald Trump’s escalating trade war is leading to if not an irreparable breach between America and China, then certainly a significant fraying.
Even after climton's loss in 2016, the network tried desperately to drag her back into the spotlight, to juice up its long-running narrative that she’s a an all-powerful force of marauding feminist evil, which viewers embrace with lust.
While a number of transgender advocates and LGBTQ health experts applauded P&G’s decision to redesign the Always packaging by removing the female signs, the company’s announcement sparked criticism online, including a bounty of transphobic commentary.
On one hand, it’s true that a female candidate would face an uphill battle against the ingrained sexism of the electorate, not to mention the vicious misogyny of Donald Trump.
Donald Trump used his mighty Twitter platform to drum up business for his golf course in Los Angeles on Sunday. U.S. deaths from COVID-19 neared 80,000, but the president didn’t tweet about that. 
For a lazy narcissist like Trump, that must have been a life-altering realization: Hollywood fakery can make even the biggest idiot appear smart and capable. So he has spent the entire presidency, which he thinks of more as a fake TV job than a real one, using photo-ops, pep rallies and other stunts to try to shape an image of himself as sharp and tough, an image that runs totally counter to reality.
Trump — who has been criticized for painting an overly rosy picture of the outbreak, often contradicting his own health officials ...
However, there is evidence suggesting that having cops in schools can help perpetuate the school-to-prison pipeline ― the cycle in which students, particularly students of color, are pushed out of school and into the criminal justice system when school authorities criminalize student misbehavior.
The SPLC last year released hundreds of emails of Stephen Miller,the architect of Trump’s immigration policies such as the child-parent separations at the border and the Muslim ban, in which he cited and promoted "explicitly white nationalist websites."
Trump’s evangelical cabal are behind Republican attacks on women’s reproductive rights.
Donald Trump is not an ideas man. This has been a defining feature of his presidency. He’s not a learned policy wonk, understanding the complex nuances of law and governance. He is, at his core, just a former game show host and a con man.
Mulvaney apparently didn’t see this line of inquiry coming, so he was left in an awkward spot: Democrats are trying to embarrass Trump, but his chief of staff has no idea why Trump would be embarrassed by his own tax materials.
Pompeo also spoke with the Wichita Eagle in November, and that interview turned messy, too.
Of course, viruses don’t just “go away” regardless of the amount of propaganda or wishful thinking you throw at them. His theory, however, is telling. Trump’s strategy from the beginning of this crisis has been to minimize the threat and wish it away.
The whiteness of the protests alongside the stark racial disparities in COVID-19 mortality underscores that the desire to reopen businesses is rooted in white supremacy. As if it weren’t already clear, in Michigan where the nation’s most prominent protest took place, armed white men demanded an end to the lockdown while carrying Confederate flags, swastikas, and nooses.
Trump wore no face mask nor any other protective gear, which is typical for him, despite recommendations to the contrary by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He stopped to talk to employees — who were wearing white lab coats, masks, gloves, goggles, hair coverings and plastic booties — while they were working with the sterile swabs.
After Donald Trump’s outrageous photo op in which he used federal police to attack peaceful protesters so that he could walk to a church to hold up a Bible, others noted how inappropriate it was for General Mark Milley, the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to not only be tailing behind Donald Trump during this publicized stunt but to be wearing his battle fatigues, something extremely inappropriate for the setting.
That’s why a new proposal from a bevy of progressive lawmakers comes as a welcome and innovative addition to the policy arsenal: increasing the corporate tax rate in accordance with the gap between CEO pay and median worker pay.
President Donald Trump has been doubling down on his love of tariffs this week, vowing to increase tariffs on Chinese imports.
There were many reasons that Trump defeated Clinton in 2016, and sexism was surely among them. 
Trump was a major factor in the early rumblings of white nationalism on the network, which gave him considerable airtime during his reality TV days to air conspiracy theories about Barack Obama’s birth certificate.
As the deadly COVID-19 contagion sweeps across the country, gun sales are surging, spurred in many regions by panic buying and purchases by first-time firearm owners. 
Closing the gender pay gap is not rocket science – even though recently graduated female rocket scientists earn 89 cents on the dollar to their male peers.
The Roman Catholic Church allows only men to be ordained as priests and women have traditionally been consigned to the shadows of its administration.
Spencer speculated that the media may be "soulless golem," a reference to magically animated beings from Jewish folklore.
Whatever the specifics of what Donald Trump’s diagnosis may be, from the moment protesters started to hit the streets to denounce police brutality, one thing was certain: The president’s brainworms would direct his energies away from doing anything useful and toward the task of managing his ego, relying on the reality TV tricks he mistakes for the real work of presidenting.
But the wealthy have a clear incentive to make minor tweaks to the existing system instead of overhauling it to create a truly sustainable society because they profit from the world as it is, not as it could be.
America is likely to remain a relative manufacturing wasteland, as barren as Trump’s own ill-conceived ideas on trade.
The president and his Republican brethren made all kinds of predictions about what would happen if their tax plan passed, and each of those predictions – from job creation to growth rates to the fiscal impact – turned out to be wrong.
The Republican president entered the initial round of talks with the North Korean dictator in Singapore with minimal preparation – Trump went so far as to mock the very idea of doing pre-summit homework – and soon after, he made a series of concessions to Kim Jong-un in exchange for effectively nothing.

Biden spoke passionately Saturday night about handing out food to children and adults with his wife, Jill, and his grandchildren earlier in the day as he blamed President Donald Trump, who has proposed and begun to implement deep benefit cuts for federal subsidies benefiting the poor
In every case legislators are being swarmed by right-wing activists who don’t hesitate to use deceit and hysteria to stop Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) ratification from happening.
The Republican president assumed he was helping the industry at the expense of the environment – a trade-off Trump was happy to make since he rejects climate science anyway. 
For a lazy narcissist like Trump, that must have been a life-altering realization: Hollywood fakery can make even the biggest idiot appear smart and capable. So he has spent the entire presidency, which he thinks of more as a fake TV job than a real one, using photo-ops, pep rallies and other stunts to try to shape an image of himself as sharp and tough, an image that runs totally counter to reality.
Ocasio-Cortez used this weekend’s news cycle to continue highlighting the evils of wealth inequality, and to draw attention to serious policy fixes for the problem.
In practical terms, Trump wants to make the transition from dramatically curtailing refugee admissions to effectively ending refugee admissions.
Closing the gender pay gap is not rocket science – even though recently graduated female rocket scientists earn 89 cents on the dollar to their male peers.
Radical Virginia Citizens Defense League has organized a rally in Richmond for January 20, and the event is already attracting out-of-state pro-gun folks, including a potential horde of white nationalists.
The president and his Republican brethren made all kinds of predictions about what would happen if their tax plan passed, and each of those predictions – from job creation to growth rates to the fiscal impact – turned out to be wrong.
Many people in politics and media are still not used to female power, and Pelosi’s novel position, while creating some pointless problems for her, also gives her some surprising advantages.
And most egregiously, in what will surely be viewed as one of the most ill-advised stunts in presidential history, the Trump Administration had federal security forces use tear gas and projectiles to vacate Lafayette square by force of arms so Trump could make a show of walking over to St. John’s Church and posing awkwardly with a bible held upside down.
White nationalism-fueled violence is on the rise, but FBI is slow to call it domestic terrorism.
So conservative activists are turning to their favorite weapons — bad faith and distraction — to advance an agenda of gender inequality.
While the workaday majority of Americans continue to be mired in our low-wage economy, the precious few at the tippy top soared out of sight in 2019.
This is also true for students snookered into matriculating at sketchy for-profit colleges, which offer almost no marketable skills or career preparedness to justify the cost. And it further describes recent college graduates who, through an accident of timing, entered the real world during the Great Recession and its aftermath, finding it difficult to obtain work in their field of study.
Former Australia Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ripped Donald Trump’s botched handling of the coronavirus pandemic in a new op-ed, describing the U.S. president as a “quack apothecary” for hyping unproven cures
In a September executive order, President Donald Trump gave states and local governments the right to reject refugees, but instead of saying no, most state and local officials have blindsided the administration by opting in, according to two former officials familiar with the matter.
Despite saving millions upon millions of lives, vaccines have been meet with skepticism by a small but growing faction of conspiracy theorists. And Donald Trump, "human megaphone that is the president of the United States," has only made matters worse by supporting an "alternative vaccine schedule."
The white supremacists and other far right extremists are super-gun-owners, they are armed to the teeth, and law enforcement is understandably reluctant to get them het up.
Donald Trump, who was pro-choice in the not-too-distant past and never fit the mold of a far-right culture-war crusader, has taken a keen interest in abortion rights lately.
Coronavirus truthers ignorantly believe that the mainstream media, Democrats, liberals, progressives and Never Trump conservatives have been exaggerating the threat of COVID-19.
Former GOP strategist Steve Schmidt on Monday rebuked President Donald Trump’s fumbling response to the coronavirus pandemic, suggesting the United States would not be facing “catastrophe” if former President Barack Obama were still in office
Miller is the architect of President Donald Trump's hardline immigration policies that have separated children from parents, forced people seeking asylum in the U.S. to wait in Mexico under squalid conditions, instituted the Muslim ban and poured money from the military into border wall construction.
But, whether this switch constitutes a true win for the racist right or not, it’s clear that MAGA conservatives are highly attuned to how decisions are made in the White House and which positions they want to control.
The number of April background checks to purchase a firearm showed Americans flocking to gun stores in high numbers for the second month in a row amid worries about the coronavirus pandemic.
President Donald Trump has characterized those clashing with law enforcement after George Floyd’s death under the knee of a Minneapolis police officer as organized, radical-left thugs engaging in domestic terrorism, an assertion repeated by Attorney General William Barr.
Derrick Morgan, senior vice president for federal and regulatory affairs for oil lobby group American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFRM), bragged about how successful the industry has been in pushing anti-protest legislation,
Proponents of better compensation and labor rights for college athletes have hammered the NCAA on numerous fronts over the last decade, with federal lawsuits, attempts to unionize, legislation in statehouses and Congress, and new leagues that aim to compete for top-tier athletes by paying them more than the NCAA allows.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance.
This group is small but vocal, and represents a predictable if threatening merging of forces.
Powell and others in the George W. Bush administration lied extensively while making the case for war in Iraq in the early 2000s, fabricating “evidence” of the existence of weapons of mass destruction within the country.
But even if there was a president in the Oval Office who took the issue seriously, there’s still a do-nothing Senate to contend with.
A new report reveals that the 2017 GOP tax law was rife with monumental self-dealing by rich GOP lawmakers who have since benefited bigly.
Gov. Greg Abbott dug his heels in Tuesday in a TV interview explaining why Texas will be the only state in the nation to reject refugees seeking resettlement, saying that aid groups working with refugees should instead prioritize other Texans in need, including the state’s homeless population.
While Americans still cling to sexist gender roles at home, overwhelming majorities believe that sex discrimination in public spaces should be illegal.
Sen. Ernst’s flippancy shows how little she and other Republicans think of the grannies and grandpas, dads and moms, and working men and women who have broken their backs to pay taxes and provide for their families.
President Donald Trump offered an unusual warning to Virginia farmers on Tuesday, suggesting that gun control will leave their potatoes defenseless. 
As shocking as it is, even the terrorists of ISIS have been shown for respect for science when it comes to COVID-19 than the Christian Right, American white nationalists and coronavirus truthers. And the more the Christian Right rails against Fauci and social distancing, the more painfully obvious it becomes that they are a white nationalist death cult.
With our climate-impacted world now highly prone to fires, extreme storms and sea-level rise, nuclear energy is touted as a possible replacement for the burning of fossil fuels for energy – the leading cause of climate change.
But it was Hawley’s keynote address at the National Conservatism Conference that nailed down who he is, what he believes, and where his party is going in a way that should be absolutely terrifying for every American.
By any sensible measure, the Trump administration is among the worst ever seen for respecting, valuing, and following science.
Even after climton's loss in 2016, the network tried desperately to drag her back into the spotlight, to juice up its long-running narrative that she’s a an all-powerful force of marauding feminist evil, which viewers embrace with lust.
The destruction of the middle class is destroying democracies and paving the way for authoritarian rule.
I'm also struck by Blackburn's style of needlessly toxic politics, once again questioning the patriotism of a decorated U.S. Army combat veteran who earned a Purple Heart.
But behind the scenes, Trump was getting briefings. Terrible briefings. Really awful stuff. His own campaign manager, Brad Parscale, who was reported to have spent his hefty paycheck from the Trump campaign on condos, a luxury boat and a Ferrari, met with him and showed him his internal poll numbers.
There are no more major cases against the NCAA proceeding currently, but Wilken has slowly eroded some of the NCAA’s favorite arguments and restrictions.
In every case legislators are being swarmed by right-wing activists who don’t hesitate to use deceit and hysteria to stop Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) ratification from happening.
It’s only a matter of time, the argument goes, before the Roe v. Wade precedent is struck down at the hands of five conservative justices, two of whom are on the high court thanks to Trump.
As the deadly COVID-19 contagion sweeps across the country, gun sales are surging, spurred in many regions by panic buying and purchases by first-time firearm owners. 
The man-made Amazon fires are for clearing the land of its forests and indigenous people. The benefits are for Jair Bolsonaro’s cronies, while producing a climate disaster for the world.
On one hand, it’s true that a female candidate would face an uphill battle against the ingrained sexism of the electorate, not to mention the vicious misogyny of Donald Trump.
Even before Trump started to make a big show out of not wearing a mask, it was common, at least in my South Philadelphia neighborhood, to see MAGA-hat-clad white men walking around without masks, delivering contemptuous sneers to the rest of us suckers who are covering our noses and mouths. 
If Trump’s actions threatened to turn the culture war into an active shooting war, that would just be collateral damage on the road to his political recovery.
The dynamic exposes two underappreciated realities of Trump’s Iran obsession: Any U.S. war on Iran will ignite war in Iraq, and U.S. credibility is visibly faltering across the region. 
But even as the job losses mounted into the tens of millions as the nation rushed to try to contain an already widespread pandemic, the President personally promoted miracle quack cures like hydroxychloroquine and demonstrated his unbridled personal buffoonery by wondering aloud about the possibility of drinking bleach and injecting sunlight as a method of curing oneself of coronavirus.
In recent months, Trump has begun aggressively attacking mail voting, a process that is standard in some states now and which many others are expanding because of concerns that in-person voting could spread the coronavirus. Trump has repeatedly claimed that expanding voting by mail will let Democrats cheat, even though he, his press secretary and a top adviser have all voted by mail in recent elections.
It is no wonder why Republicans insisted on ramming through incredibly unpopular tax cuts for American corporations that were already making near-record profits, even at the risk of losing control of the House of Representatives. 
Corinthian College Inc. is the bankrupted and criminal organization that Marco Rubio was defending just this past year, probably because he got a boatload of money from them in campaign organizations. Over the past 10 years it has come to light—through numerous lawsuits and state and federal investigations—that untold billions of dollars has been swindled out of student and taxpayers’ pockets by this private educational company.
Brooklyn measles outbreak: How a glossy booklet spread anti-vaccine messages in Orthodox Jewish communities
It’s no exaggeration to say that the anti-choice movement, from tip to toe, is stuffed with melodramatic liars and grifters.
We should expect growing support for this item for a few reasons: Younger voters of all political stripes are being exposed to the status quo student loan system. Younger voters are also less likely to accept the toxic brand of “conservatism.” 
But one glaring absentee was Trump, who not only declined an invitation but failed to send any American representative at all.
A federal judge in Tucson, Arizona delivered a blow Monday to the Trump administration’s strategy of criminalizing humanitarian aid work along the southern border with her decision to overturn the convictions of four volunteers on religious freedom grounds.
Pompeo appeared hopelessly lost when WSMV’s Nancy Amon was far better prepared for an interview than he was.
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump will give an Oval Office address on the government shutdown he created, during which he presumably will lie through his teeth to defend his highly unpopular immigration agenda.
America is likely to remain a relative manufacturing wasteland, as barren as Trump’s own ill-conceived ideas on trade.
In practice, that means it's hard to trust Bezos' pledge when Amazon, the source of his wealth, has been aggressively courting oil and gas companies with its cloud computing services and threatened workers who campaigned for stronger climate action with dismissal. 
This is all great news. It now looks like we have a safe, highly effective vaccine that has the potential to significantly reduce many forms of cancer. So why is it also becoming a key target of many anti-vaxxers?
Republicans and gun-rights groups have pledged stiff resistance.
When a figurehead like Trump repeats the myth that vaccines cause autism, as he did during the presidential debates, many parents may choose not to vaccinate, putting children at unnecessary risk.
This unholy, unscientific alliance of right-wingers, COVID-19 truthers and anti-vaxxers became very clear recently following the viral spread of an anti-COVID-19 propaganda movie called “Plandemic,” featuring disgraced scientist-turned-anti-vaxxer ...
As the Republican Party is struggling to defend him in a moment of nationwide strife, President Donald Trump decided Thursday night to fuel divisions within GOP rather than make nice.
The administration has stonewalled Congress during the impeachment proceedings and other investigations, but the American public overwhelmingly wants the Trump administration to comply with lawmakers.
The Republican president proceeded to pitch an aggressively anti-immigrant message ahead of Election Day 2018, when voters handed Democrats control of the House.
As the ranks of Democratic Party 2020 presidential hopefuls continue to swell and Trump’s chaotic lawlessness proliferates it’s easy to miss a deepening crisis that’s already taking a toll on millions of households and is about to get much worse.
It’s paramount now, as Fox News and the right-wing noise machine try to take down a new generation of Democratic women leaders, that everyone understands the strategy in play.
Donald Trump appeared to make some important news via Twitter last night, announcing a dramatic new plan to use Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to remove “millions” of people from American soil.
And yes, there’s something in the Fox News DNA over the years that has meant that women political opponents spark a deeper sense of outrage and hate.
Because Trump’s plan to gut pollution safeguards was so drastic that many states announced plans to enforce stricter emissions standards on their own.
After all, who else are they going to find who would be willing to just openly gaslight members of Congress, telling them not to believe the evidence of the dead in Pittsburgh and Christchurch and El Paso and many other mass-killing sites, by wielding her blackness like a shield?
The false messages that they say convinced hundreds of New Yorkers not to vaccinate their children weren’t spread in a Facebook group or on YouTube, but through a glossy magazine written by and for Orthodox Jewish parents.
Of course, the famously corrupted higher education sports market is a happy NFL partner and crime may pay after all, as it often does in the Trump league.
Ever since Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) revealed her plan to forgive student debt and make public universities free on Monday morning, the internet has been a carnival of bad faith, magical thinking and misinformation about the nature of college costs in the United States.
And while some of these more cartoonish members are still on Capitol Hill we’re occasionally reminded about the torch being passed to a new generation of lawmakers who are equally difficult to take seriously.
Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and many of his administration’s policies have played on the trope of threats posed by refugees, asylum seekers and other migrants.
The right-wing media personality, who claimed the 2012 Sandy Hook massacre was a hoax, was sued by the parent of a young boy slain in the attack.
The NRA has long agitated to crush tougher gun control laws in this country but for its officials to be directly engaged in trutherism about school shootings is a new low.
For one thing, Trump’s impatience now threatens to undo the measures of the last ten weeks. Thanks in part to the foment of anti-lockdown protesters tacitly endorsed by Trump, governors are under increasing political pressure to reopen quickly—perhaps too soon.
The “baby parts” debacle from a few years ago is another example of how the anti-choice movement is not a group sober-minded devout Christians who just love “life,” but in fact a bunch of fanatics who have contempt for the truth and think nothing of spinning wild stories and engaging in implausible thought-experiments in their efforts to smear feminists.
A year after a Democratic wave swept an unprecedented number of women and people of color into higher office all across America, and at a time when Trump’s approval rating is cratering, women should not be afraid of nominating another woman to drive Trump and his brand of pig-headed patriarchy out of the Oval Office.
This is another example of Trump’s false dichotomy between saving the economy and fighting the virus. After all, the economy isn’t going to recover if millions are sick and people are afraid to leave their houses — and early evidence from the states that have tried to “reopen” their economies makes that clear.
Trump likes to tell this story with vivid and completely made-up details about swaddling a baby in blankets before murdering it. The Senate held hearings in which anti-choice activist Jill Stanek — a crazed, racist liar who also claims Chinese people think aborted fetuses are a “delicacy” — claimed, almost certainly falsely, that she once witnessed a baby being killed this way. 
But then, science has never been a strong point of the Christian Right or white nationalists. They are bitterly anti-science, which is why they so deeply resent anyone who offers accurate information on the pandemic — be it Dr. Fauci or reporters at CNN and MSNBC.
On Friday, Trump claimed he had reached a landmark last-minute immigration deal with Mexico, which meant he no longer had to impose the tariffs he had been threatening, part of his incoherent southern-border policy.
President Donald Trump clearly wasn’t pleased on Wednesday when he learned that his former Defense Secretary James Mattis had spoken out against him. So the president responded in his usual and predictable way: lashing out on Twitter.
Women’s rights advocates were relieved late Monday when Senate Democrats blocked an extreme anti-choice bill from advancing to a floor debate—but were soon outraged by President Donald Trump’s lies about abortion care, as well as the corporate media for enabling his blatantly false characterization of the bill to stand.
A report in The New York Times claims that the UFC star Conor McGregor sexually assaulted a woman in Ireland.
Trump attacking wind power is nothing new.
Though it was Major League Baseball that he mentioned — “We have to get our sports back. I’m tired of watching baseball games that are 14 years old” — the sport that truly matters to him is football, the only major mass entertainment (other than Trumpism) that endorses tribalism and toxic masculinity so flagrantly and keeps violence in vogue.
When far-right white evangelicals, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers rail against social distancing and encourage large gatherings, they are encouraging suicidal behavior. And there have been many examples.
Trump was caught on tape during the visit apparently telling his wife to “smile” (she briefly complied, but then spent the rest of the visit looking like a hostage) and then generating images that are terrifying, but not for the reasons the president may have hoped.
Alarmingly, the Trump administration wants to take the reins off payday lenders.
It was at this point that Trump thought it’d be a good idea to start bragging.
Coronavirus: E.U. blasts Trump's travel ban as it unleashes chaos and confusion.
Trump was a major factor in the early rumblings of white nationalism on the network, which gave him considerable airtime during his reality TV days to air conspiracy theories about Barack Obama’s birth certificate.
To bolster the argument that doctors deliver viable infants alive and let them die, the anti-choice movement also trots out a series of people who claim to have “survived” abortion. 
Fearful and insecure Americans are taking advantage of weak and ineffective gun-control laws and stocking up, as President Trump might say, “like never before.”
India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi is often compared to Donald Trump, especially when it comes to his anti-Muslim policies.
‘A new low’: Washington Post media critic blows up Tucker Carlson’s absurd lies about white nationalism
Nearly 60 percent of Americans now support the marginal tax rate program Ocasio-Cortez has proposed uncluding a remarkable 45 percent of Republicans, despite all the work right-wing media has done to demonize Ocasio-Cortez and anything related to her.
Almost all of this is gibberish; Trump still can’t speak coherently about California’s wildfires; and no officials in the Golden State ever conceded that he was “right” about the subject, because he wasn’t.
But the Christian Right embodies a dangerous form of Christianity that is bitterly anti-science, and its ideology goes hand in hand with white nationalism and the coronavirus truther movement.
It wasn't long after Donald Trump and his team took office that they looked for ways to make things easier for polluters.
President Donald Trump sparked ire on Tuesday after he spread yet another conspiracy theory, this time about wind farms.
But it’s getting increasingly difficult to maintain the myth that the enormous wealth inequality in not just American society but the entire world somehow reflect a system that’s fairly rewarding people for their talent and labor.
The safe, heavily researched HPV vaccine remains tragically under-used — and anti-vaccine movies and conferences could make it more so if we’re not careful.
That’s led some vaccine foes to join the protesters — whom Trump has encouraged on Twitter — in staging demonstrations in state capitals to “reopen America.”
Instead, they want to force women and their doctors to subject dying newborns to further horrific medical intervention, to needles and lights and loud voices and scalpels and machines that will only prolong the inevitable, only prolong their pain.
But in her rush for snarky liberal-bashing, Swoyer misses the real story about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s pricey haircut: the blatant and disparate “female tax” that women in power must pay to achieve and maintain their power.
It remains to be seen how players — whose wages span a wide spectrum in a league with no salary cap — will respond to the request following calls from government ministers to cut their often-astronomical wages.
That meant anyone walking into a branch with a certain level of assets instantly became a target for multiple offers. Customers with lower incomes were less of a priority, increasingly treated as little more than a source of fee harvesting.
Gamblers and reality TV stars can claim bankruptcy protections when in financial trouble, but 44 million student loan borrowers can’t. Unemployed, underpaid, destitute, sick, or struggling borrowers simply aren’t able to start anew.
The fatal shooting of the promising honors student sparked outrage in her hometown and became the symbol of a larger conversation on the scourge of gun violence.
Now Modi has made international headlines for yet another similarity: He’s constructing a massive wall … but unlike Trump’s goal of keeping immigrants out, Modi’s wall was built to hide the country’s poverty from the gold-plated American president.
White supremacist violent extremists can generally be characterized by hatred for immigrants and ethnic minorities, often combining these prejudices with virulent anti-Semitism or anti-Muslim views, the DHS report states.
The New York Times recently published a fairly detailed fact-check of these Trump World arguments that democrats don’t mind executing babies after birth, and not surprisingly, the rhetoric is irresponsibly wrong.
Many are mocking the president’s astonishing lack of understanding about even the most basic concepts of vaccines and how drug tests on them are performed.
Nevertheless, Trump and other Republicans have tarred the protests as havens for terrorists intent on destroying property. 
But the fact that Trump cloaks this fact by stoking false fears about immigrant crime and delivering rage-filled rants about “illegal” immigration shows that this isn’t some genuine and reasoned policy view about the costs and benefits of new entrants to the labor force — it’s a reactionary stance built atop anti-immigrant bigotry.
While the majority of Americans seem to accept scientific information about the deadly coronavirus and are wary of reopening the country before we can be sure it’s safe, one segment of the population is driving the opposite narrative. This group is small but vocal, and represents a predictable if threatening merging of forces.
The note, which was full of anti-Semitic language and lauded white supremacy, named the Christchurch shooter and the man accused of fatally shooting 11 people.
The failure to act to ameliorate global warming exposes the myth of human progress and the illusion that we are rational creatures. 
More subtly, however, Pelosi is also using her gender to put Trump — who is visibly unnerved by having any woman around that isn’t clearly there to serve him, sexually or otherwise — on his heels. 
In the weeks leading up to the District of Columbia’s primary election, a powerful interest group repeatedly hammered council candidate Janeese Lewis George with an attack that in the past has proved devastating: She was soft on crime and unsupportive of the D.C. police force.
Threre are some concerns about whether some of the goals set by the Green New Deal are realistic, but to argue that the blueprint is genocidal is hopelessly bonkers.
Democratic U.S. Rep. David Cicilline of Rhode Island eloquently blasted Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida during Wednesday’s House hearing on gun control.
Meanwhile, a pervasive celebrity culture — in which celebrities are considered trusted “experts” solely because of their fame — has poisoned the idea of what constitutes expertise.
There is no way to fling the footage into the Trash folder, or to edit the crap out of it until it sends the “right” message. Trump’s continued demands that the world act like a reality-show producer who can keep giving him mulligans only reaffirms that he is, above all things, a narcissistic moron.
Consistently, Trump has fed the menacing right-wing misinformation machine by repeatedly insisting that the virus is “going to go away.” He has systematically undermined his own top scientists and is now ignoring them altogether.
Proponents of stricter protections for students argue the DOE’s recent rollback of Obama-era rules aimed at protecting students from predatory for-profit colleges will only lead to even more student failing to pay back their loans.
Naturally, of course, right-wingers reacted in the ugliest way possible: By arguing that Thunberg’s identity — as a young person, as a person on the autism spectrum and, although they are careful not to say this directly, as a girl — inherently discredits what she has to say.
How anti-vaxxers target grieving moms and turn them into crusaders against vaccines
When the Muslim ban was first enacted, it triggered chaos at airports and prompted widespread protest and legal challenges, and it continues to impose devastating costs on families and people who wish to come to the U.S.
But the national and global trends spin a tale of two separate realities. An irrational fear of vaccines among well-educated and largely white Americans has fueled an utterly preventable and dangerous disease that had been considered “eliminated” by scientists.
For years now, Fox News has been mainstreaming arguments that used to be the province of  fringe websites run by neo-Nazis and other groups who believe the U.S. is meant to be a country of white people and for white people
Rather than help be a part of the solution, Trump is intentionally exacerbating the tensions–not only because he himself is a racist whose politics of authoritarian white grievance align with the same forces driving police violence itself, but because he is desperate and in grave political peril.
Trump has also in his years in the White House frequently praised the use of violence. He told police officers in 2017 that they shouldn’t worry about hitting suspects’ heads as they place them in patrol cars. And on a conference call with governors on Monday, he berated them for not “dominating” the streets of their cities.
The president has failed miserably at handling the first serious challenges of his presidency: COVID-19 and the racial justice protests, Conway charged. They have not only revealed the incompetence of the “failing, flailing” president, but his inhumanity as well, Conway argued.
He justified his racism by saying that “many people agree with me,” and by continuing to rave on Twitter about how the real purveyors of “racist hatred” are those who look askance at his embracing the rhetoric of Stormfront and the KKK.
Team Trump simply decided to consider changes that would have dramatic effects on those who rely on the social-insurance programs.
Trump’s profound megalomania, impulsiveness, and defective character is what got us where we are today. If we are to have any shot at a real recovery, he needs to go.
Finally, he launched into a meandering rant about Biden, suggesting that under the Obama administration, nothing was done to fix policing in the United States. While the previous administration surely didn’t do enough, and Biden himself has contributed to the criminal justice problems in the country, Trump completely ignored the fact that the Obama Justice Department actually did take significant steps toward reform following the protests in Ferguson.
Opposition to immunizations was once largely limited to online bullying, but now opponents are increasingly taking their harassment tactics into the real world: aggressively following legislators and doctors and, in some cases, using physical violence.
People keep getting sick and the economy is cratering, but for Republicans, hating women is still a major priority: republican governors in Texas, Ohio and even Maryland are trying to use the coronavirus crisis as an excuse to block women from getting abortions, claiming that ending a pregnancy is a “nonessential” medical procedure that must be rescheduled.
Of course, viruses don’t just “go away” regardless of the amount of propaganda or wishful thinking you throw at them. His theory, however, is telling. Trump’s strategy from the beginning of this crisis has been to minimize the threat and wish it away.
Trump could sit on live TV, peeing his pants and whimpering that the protesters are coming for him, and his base would stick by him and claim to see courage in the urine puddles below his chair, just so long as he keeps the racism and the lib-triggering coming. They know he’s a “Bunker Boy,” but will pretend they don’t see it until the bitter end.
Facebook, YouTube and Amazon all answered with policy changes, removing some fear-mongering content related to vaccines.
So, imagine the gall it would take to knock Winfrey for not being charitable enough. That’s what happened when a salty Instagram user slid into the comments under a photo Winfrey posted celebrating the graduates of Colorado College
Carmen Lodato wears a pin with her mother’s face — a reminder of the heart-wrenching murder six years ago in Alexandria, Va., that got her into the fight for gun control. 
That’s why a new proposal from a bevy of progressive lawmakers comes as a welcome and innovative addition to the policy arsenal: increasing the corporate tax rate in accordance with the gap between CEO pay and median worker pay.
This is why Donald Trump is awake at 2:30 a.m., rage-tweeting. When he sleeps, he dreams, and his dreams are nightmares. He’s a frightened, desperate man. Every day, he turns on his television, and the death count from the COVID-19 virus keeps going up. 
After witnessing the right-wing reaction to Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden who spoke at the United Nations this week, there can be no doubt that modern-day conservatism, especially the Republican Party, functions primarily as a protection racket for the fragile egos of mediocre white men. 
Even Richard Nixon, to whom Trump likes to compares himself to, was occasionally willing to venture out into crowds of protesters to talk to them. Trump, however, is such a wuss that he made his cadre of protectors tear-gas people rather than subject himself to a crowd’s insults. Far from proving he was a tough guy, Trump’s actions only led to another round of taunting about his wimpiness.
Some of the liberal opposition is often grounded in the mistaken belief that Warren’s plan would do more to reduce the racial wealth gap than Warren’s. The opposite is true: full cancellation would reduce the racial wealth gap more than Warren’s plan would. 
Trump proceeded to ignore multiple other attempts made over subsequent weeks by his advisers and Republican allies to get him to take the pandemic seriously. Instead he dismissed their warnings as “alarmist” and would go on to hold a number of rallies (seven) and golfing outings (three) between learning of Obama’s pandemic playbook and ultimately declaring a national emergency.
Liberal economist and New York Times opinion writer Paul Krugman, in a scathing column this week, warns that extreme events like the wildfires that have been devastating Australia are a preview of things to come — and he stresses that right-wing politicians who deny the reality of climate change are as great a threat as the events themselves.
Donald Trump is not an ideas man. This has been a defining feature of his presidency. He’s not a learned policy wonk, understanding the complex nuances of law and governance. He is, at his core, just a former game show host and a con man.
...immigrants as criminals and eugenics, all of which were once considered fringe and extreme. White nationalists embrace white supremacist and white separatist views.
And sure, Republicans are stupid enough to go out and get infected, doing the virus’ dirty work for it. But the economy isn’t going anywhere as long as most people, who are sane and smart, refuse to put themselves in danger for a movie or haircut.
Such rivals as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell saw overstepping in the name of climate change, a blown campaign rollout to even explain all of its aspirational aspects, and, more generally, a need to slap down an unruly first-year Democratic Socialist.
Right-wing media sprung into action to try to discredit her, of course, by implying that a woman who graduated summa cum laude with an economics degree is a bimbo and with  Twitchy using a screenshot to make the usually genial Ocasio-Cortez somehow look like a ballbuster.
And his demagoguery around the Central American immigrant caravans and asylum-seekers continually obscure the fact that asking for asylum is an entirely legal form of immigration — even though Trump and his defenders now like to call it a “loophole.”
But Trump and his most ardent supporters seem almost physically repulsed at the very idea of wearing a mask. One Republican Ohio state legislator even claimed that since “we are all created in the image and likeness of God,” covering the face with a mask is an affront to God’s creation.
Trump, who opted against giving a Super Bowl pregame interview last year, made several eyebrow-raising remarks during his interview with host Margaret Brennan, touching on topics including his plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria and whether he would let his 12-year-old son play football.
The Democratic candidates predictably criticized the worst Trump administration immigration policies, such as families separated at the border and chronic uncertainty for undocumented people in the U.S., many of whom arrived decades ago as children.
Her proposal brings into sharp focus conservatives’ crusade to legislate control of women’s bodies through restrictive abortion bills and other measures that undermine reproductive rights.
The photograph of Katie Bouman sitting in front of her computer with the first black hole image instantly made her the face of the project — which is why an informal coterie of sexist trolls kicked off a sexist investigation to invalidate her contributions.
This is a positive for the party’s electoral prospects, after a bitterly fragmented primary. Unfortunately, the people selected for the task forces demonstrate how not only the party establishment, but even an insurgent progressive like Sanders, privilege certain topics over others. The criminal justice reform task force is incredibly milquetoast.
As a political calculation, it shows Biden’s campaign is confident about their standing with many suburban moderates who were swing voters in the past but have moved solidly into the Democratic Party during Trump’s presidency, offended by his bullying demeanor and chaotic style.
In certain ways, 2020 feels a lot like 1968. Federal troops and local police are clashing with Black people sick of police brutality and discrimination. Americans are dying in massive, alarming numbers ― then, in the Vietnam war; now, as the coronavirus pandemic spreads across the nation. Americans are angry.
Remarkably, the first three years of Trump’s presidency were relatively smooth sailing outside of self-inflicted crimes and mishaps. His actual approach to life was never fully tested in the Oval Office. Now, with the first real challenge of his presidency, he is utterly adrift.
In fact, the scenario of killing babies after they're born that Trump depicted was ridiculously false.
Inhibiting travel and commerce—not to mention making consular interviews deeply intrusive on a gendered basis—by imposing restrictions on pregnant women is an alarmist reaction to a small issue.
Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden, the 16-year-old’s steely-eyed courage has helped inspire kids across the country — and the world — to join her call to strike from school last week and stand up for more aggressive action to combat the climate crisis.
Thanks to the GOP’s commitment to voter suppression, paired with decades of phony rhetoric about voter fraud, millions of black and brown Americans have no access to the ballot box.
Bear in mind that none of these moneyed elites did anything to earn these extraordinary bonanzas. They didn’t work any harder, didn’t get smarter, didn’t add anything of value to society but simply reclined in luxury and let their money make money. 
The travel ban would not have prevented the country’s deadliest terrorist attacks in recent years, which were committed by right-wing Americans, not immigrants: the anti-immigrant extremist who killed 22 shoppers at a store in El Paso; the white supremacist who killed 17 students and teachers at a school in Parkland, Florida; or the anti-Semite who killed 11 worshipers at a synagogue in Pittsburgh.
Unbelievably, with all they had seen their child suffer, his parents not only refused the doctor’s suggestion that he receive another DTaP vaccination they also declined all the other scheduled vaccinations the boy had missed.
Bevin’s downplaying of the necessity of vaccines is reckless — but deliberately infecting his children is much more so.
In Tuesday night's debate, the two progressive senators de-escalated a tense round of tit-for-tat exchanges between their presidential campaigns over the charged issues of gender and electability.
Even if you don’t speak white nationalist dog whistle, this speech is pretty shocking. Hawley is claiming that the United States is run, and has been run, by a secret group of international “elites” who value terrible things—such as education, achievement, and progress.
As a result, income inequality now rivals that of the robber baron days of the early 1900s, when labor unions were virtually outlawed while corporate monopolies thrived.
The U.S.-Saudi war in Yemen, the bloody war that Trump continued, over the bipartisan congressional objections, has generated the world’s worst humanitarian crisis, and it is farther than ever from success.
Matters worsened for him when COVID-19 hit the United States and exposed him not just as a divisive buffoon, but a cynically incompetent one. The Administration delayed its response, worried that any action they took would hurt the stock market and erode Trump’s last remaining electoral strength.
If sports don’t trump religion as the opiate of the masses, they have, until recently, been at least the background music of most of our lives.
The leader of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has been groomed by the right-wing, xenophobic and Islamophobic Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) along with its polticial arm, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
When did vaccines become politicized? Amid a measles outbreak, suddenly Republicans support anti-vaxxers.
It’s all part of an endless, dehumanizing Fox News campaign to silence opponents, and specifically to silence and intimidate Democratic women.
The whiteness of the protests alongside the stark racial disparities in COVID-19 mortality underscores that the desire to reopen businesses is rooted in white supremacy. As if it weren’t already clear, in Michigan where the nation’s most prominent protest took place, armed white men demanded an end to the lockdown while carrying Confederate flags, swastikas, and nooses.
For that matter, Christianity is equally anti-suicide. And yet, the Christian Right and many of President Donald Trump’s far-right white evangelical supporters have been encouraging behavior that is suicidal. 
Alzheimer’s patients, lower-income preschool children, and HIV and cancer patients are among the Americans whose needs may go unmet so that the Trump administration can afford to detain thousands of migrant children.
Sure, some people might prioritize Netflix and pumpkin spice lattes over student loan payments and retirement contributions. But for people like David (not his real name), a 32-year-old living in Harlem, New York, banking fees eat up a good chunk of his income.
President Donald Trump accused Democrats of “politicizing” the deadly coronavirus during a campaign rally here on Friday, claiming that the outbreak is “their new hoax” as he continued to downplay the risk in the U.S.
This, of course, was before the president ignored his national security team, withdrew U.S. forces from northern Syria, and effectively invited Turkey to launch a brutal offensive against our Kurdish allies.
Voting in quasi-militarized settings was not confined to the nation’s capital. In Philadelphia, on election eve, the mayor announced a curfew that was slated to take effect an hour before its polls closed, but subsequently delayed it after an outcry by other city officials and activists. 
AOC, like all powerful women, has to go through a rigorous beauty regimen simply to exist in the public eye.
Trump supporters obviously don’t want to admit this. If you turn on Fox News, read Breitbart and The Daily Wire or browse through the cesspools of YouTube or Reddit, you’ll find plenty of people who spin or defend Trump’s bungling.
All of which serves as an important reminder: the president isn’t just ignoring scientists and related policy experts; he’s also ignoring his own administration that issued a related report, noting that climate change is a global security threat.
President Donald Trump, however, would have us all eat our “one marshmallow now” with a reckless return to pre-pandemic life. He would risk igniting a second wave of infection, which would entail the needless sacrifice of thousands of more lives and a squandered chance to lay the foundation for a durable post-pandemic economy.
Obama’s joke about moat with alligators came to mind while reading a newly published report from the New York Times on Donald Trump’s zealotry on border policy.
In court and in public, the administration defended the extreme and disruptive measure being based on national security considerations, though it was clearly an instantiation of Trump’s bigoted campaign promise to end all Muslim immigration to the United States.
But existing U.S. sanctions already place such huge obstacles in the way of Iranian oil exports and imports of food, medicine, and other consumer products that it is hard to imagine what further pain these new sanctions can possibly inflict on the besieged people of Iran.
Trump’s evangelical cabal are behind Republican attacks on women’s reproductive rights.
The result was a mess: car manufacturers, which had already begun taking steps to comply with the Obama-era tough fuel-efficiency standards for the auto industry, faced the prospect of having to make different vehicles to sell in different parts of the country.
So while there may be a humanitarian crisis driving more vulnerable people to seek asylum in the United States, there is no security crisis.
In the months that followed, all independent polling has found the American mainstream not only blames Trump and his party for the shutdown, but also does not want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on an ineffective and unnecessary border wall.
Anti-vaccine groups take dangerous online harassment into the real world
Of course, billionaires and corporations that reaped millions of dollars from the GOP tax cuts pumped some of that windfall into Republican campaigns, allowing Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., to retain control of the Senate.
Donald Trump, by design, is a chaos monster who shovels crap out faster than people can process it.
Last week, the House Judiciary Committee moved forward with plans for an expansive investigation into Trump World abuses, prompting White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to release a rather intemperate press statement.
Even the European Union (with the Maastricht Treaty in 1993) has adopted the radical economic and political ideologies of Thatcherism and Reaganism—neoliberalism—that benefitted wealthy elites while forcing austerity on its poorer member nations, inflicting massive pain and inciting right-wing movements in Greece, Spain and Italy, among others.
Now, the data shows there is an aftershock in the form of the looming tsunami of student debt defaults that will hit communities of color the hardest, according to data compiled by the National Center for Education Statistics and Demos, a progressive think tank.
With this in mind, the Trump administration reportedly hopes to reduce poverty in the United States, not by making a material difference in struggling families’ finances, but by tinkering with the threshold for what counts as poverty.
Large majorities of both parties seem to like the Green New Deal, despite efforts by Fox News to paint it as disastrous.
Today, the cumulative stress of Donald Trump’s escalating trade war is leading to if not an irreparable breach between America and China, then certainly a significant fraying.
Also, decades of NRA propaganda have convinced people to associate guns with safety and, indeed, as the economy craters, the NRA is treating this crisis as another opportunity to sell guns to people.
A bold statement Wednesday from former Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis eviscerating Donald Trump has landed like a bomb in the Senate Republican caucus, sending members fleeing in all different directions.
He lied about matters large and small. He refused to shake House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's outstretched hand. He talked up a divisive culture war.
Lawmakers who claim to care about women’s emotional health would do better to listen to the hundreds of thousands of women who seek abortion care every year and know it is the right decision.
It is a monumental ode to human stupidity that the wealthiest nation in the world teeters on the edge of a dangerous measles epidemic at the same time that poor nations are struggling to vaccinate their residents. 
The nation's chief diplomat didn't seem to agree, however. He complained about the line of inquiry and complained about the Obama administration for a while.
Spencer speculated that the media may be "soulless golem," a reference to magically animated beings from Jewish folklore.
For decades, opponents of reproductive rights have faced a judicial arithmetic they could not overcome: there simply weren't five justices willing to overturn Roe.
Trying to bar women from abortion is bad enough in regular times, but it seemed even more sadistic during a pandemic and an economic crash, when financial and health concerns weigh more heavily than ever on women deciding whether or not continue pregnancies.
Polling for the Democratic nomination tells a depressing story for those seeking to break the glass ceiling and make the ultimate stand against patriarchy: the top contenders for the Democratic nomination are currently all white men.
That’s because while these problems have been centuries in the making from slavery to Jim Crow to Ferguson and beyond, Donald Trump’s particular failings as a person and a candidate are fanning the flames of the crisis.
Perhaps the pushback from the Pentagon will increase the political cost, but if congressional Republicans won’t break with the president, then he’ll probably be able to create the carnage he seeks without too much difficulty.
The message from the Bouman backlash is that if you are a woman who becomes the face of a massive scientific breakthrough, sexist internet trolls will spend way too much of their time harassing you and trying to disprove your credibility.
President Donald Trump is getting called out on social media after posing in front of a church with a Bible ― a photo-op possible only after police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at peaceful protesters to clear the area. 
Two years after the Trump administration made the state-sanctioned kidnapping of children at the border official U.S. policy, the horrors around this crime against humanity continue to be exposed.
Whatever the specifics of what Donald Trump’s diagnosis may be, from the moment protesters started to hit the streets to denounce police brutality, one thing was certain: The president’s brainworms would direct his energies away from doing anything useful and toward the task of managing his ego, relying on the reality TV tricks he mistakes for the real work of presidenting.
As the world as we know it comes to a quicker-than-expected end, with much of Australia caught up in wildfires that climate change did not start, but are unquestionably making worse, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is getting roundly toasted for his announcement that the company with the too-ironic name will be donating roughly $690,000 to Australia to help combat the ongoing fires.
Pompeo also spoke with the Wichita Eagle in November, and that interview turned messy, too.
It’s no exaggeration to say that everything that Trump has done since then has been a pathetic effort to nuh-uh the hecklers and prove that he’s no #BunkerBoy, but a big, tough guy who will totally kick your ass without breaking a sweat. He’ll shove the White House doctor out to tell some more lies about Trump’s health, if that’s what it takes.
When he finally spoke in the Rose Garden on Monday, Trump threatened to deploy the military against American citizens if the governors didn’t take his advice for a more forceful crackdown. This threat didn’t appear to cow anyone, and only increased the anger. 
By threatening the kids and their families with deportation, the administration’s U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services was effectively delivering death sentences.
Indeed, just this week, Donald Trump, who once said the climate crisis was a hoax concocted by the Chinese, marveled at cold temperatures throughout the Midwest, convinced that the frigid weather is evidence of … something.
Tedros and his agency have been on the defensive after President Donald Trump of the United States — the WHO’s biggest single donor — last week ordered a halt to U.S. funding for the agency, alleging that it botched the early response to the outbreak.
The startling, aggressive attacks on peaceful protesters by the National Guard occurred after a “pointed threat” from the Pentagon that if the Guard couldn’t handle the situation, active-duty military units would be sent to deal with civilians, the Times reported.
And although nearly every Republican has sold their souls to Trump, none of them want to cross someone with the moral authority of Gen. Mattis, who counseled Americans in no uncertain terms to abandon Trump.
The network also hypes the idea that nonwhite immigrants are dirty and diseased, as well as inherently criminal.
For those who think this country needs baseball now to raise its depressed spirits, you might consider a cautionary historical precedent, the Summer of Swat of 1998.
If Donald Trump was willing to have Americans gassed and beaten so he could stage a photo opportunity, what will he be willing to do to retain the presidency come election time?
Not only would House Bill 2320 rescind the rights for same-sex marriage, it also would cement into law a litany of far right wing extremist claims, including that being LGBTQ is a “mythology,” government recognition of LGBTQ people is “the greatest sham since the inception of American jurisprudence,” and the proposition that there “are no ex-blacks but there are thousands of ex-gays.”
Democrats really don’t want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on a giant, ineffective border wall, so if Trump were try to come up with an offer designed to entice them, he’d have to propose something that would be (a) enormous; and (b) wildly unpopular among Republicans.
Trump enjoys and encourages state brutality against people of color, and black people in particular. It excites him and his most ardent followers. But his response isn’t just based on personal predilections. It’s also based on political considerations.
Apparently, even many people within the gun rights movement are concerned and are working to prevent people from openly bringing weapons to the rally but with leaders like Tucker Carlson and Donald Trump rooting them on, the “good people” who will descend on Richmond on January 20 may feel like they have approval to light a spark.
Though  Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was by no means the first to describe migrant detention centres as concentration camps — disgraced Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio boasted his “tent city” in the Sonora Desert was just that — her comments ignited a firestorm of controversy.
People were tear-gassed, manhandled, shoved, battered with clubs and slammed with shields on Monday to clear the way for Trump to cross the street from the White House for a photo op at St. John’s Episcopal Church. The onslaught against the protesters began 25 minutes before a 7 p.m. curfew. 
And one particularly radical idea is sure to grab the attention of young people around the country: wiping out student loan debt for the vast majority of American borrowers.
Last year, some states tried to ban abortion after just six weeks into a pregnancy ― when many women don’t even know they’re pregnant yet. Considering that 1 in 4 women has an abortion during her lifetime, the effects of these restrictions could prove devastating.
The over-the-top, theatrical lies of the anti-choice movement are so comical that the mainstream media, for decades, has shied away from covering them too closely, likely out of fear that they’re actually too ridiculous to be believed.
President Donald Trump is losing support from his evangelical base as he lurches from one crisis into another. Numerous polls show that religious Americans, like most other Americans, disapprove of the president’s performance, and that could imperil his re-election chances.
Conway recycled a right-wing talking point that falsely claims a bill designed to loosen certain restrictions on late-term abortions in Virginia is “infanticide” during her Monday appearance on “Outnumbered Overtime with Harris Faulkner.”
In Europe, no government has joined Trump’s anti-Iran crusade (though John Bolton is whispering in the ear of the new Trump-loving prime minister, Boris Johnson.)
President Donald Trump bragged on Sunday that the Republican Party has never been stronger or more united than it is now, even as his impeachment trial is set to begin in the Senate this week. 
Reilly also suggested that Trump’s “grudge” against Puerto Rico correlates with a soured golf course deal on the island, and explained why the sport may be responsible for Trump’s embrace of a wild conspiracy theory about wind turbines causing cancer.
Before President Donald Trump threatened to violently suppress demonstrations in memory of Floyd, before the spread of recording equipment let the world witness how U.S. police brutalize non-white bodies and before “I can’t breathe” became a global rallying cry challenging American cruelty and injustice, America tried to explain its racism to the world.
Conspiracy theories about the Sandy Hook shooting have persisted for years, for example, far-right InfoWars host Alex Jones claimed that the whole thing was staged by the government with child actors and no kids were harmed ― which ultimately led to a lawsuit against him by parents of the victims.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) has been an avid supporter of the “Green New Deal,” a plan that would take dramatic steps to curb the United States’ contribution to global climate change. 
The harshest attack on Trump and military action against civilians was issued in The Atlantic on Wednesday by former Defense Secretary and retired Marine Corps general Jim Mattis. He hailed peaceful protesters for working for a better future.
Indeed, that original NYT report suggested that the management at Trump’s club in New Jersey was well aware of the fact that it employed undocumented immigrants, and it deliberately took steps to obscure the fact that it broke the law – repeatedly, over the course of several years.
In Washington, three key issues seemed to galvanize most of the protesters: climate change, immigration and reproductive rights.
Mulvaney apparently didn’t see this line of inquiry coming, so he was left in an awkward spot: Democrats are trying to embarrass Trump, but his chief of staff has no idea why Trump would be embarrassed by his own tax materials.
When it comes to the Green New Deal blueprint to address the climate crisis, Republicans generally like to pretend it calls for the elimination of hamburgers.
After Donald Trump’s outrageous photo op in which he used federal police to attack peaceful protesters so that he could walk to a church to hold up a Bible, others noted how inappropriate it was for General Mark Milley, the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to not only be tailing behind Donald Trump during this publicized stunt but to be wearing his battle fatigues, something extremely inappropriate for the setting.
Experts have warned that a total U.S. withdrawal from Syria, which is still embroiled in a chaotic civil war spawned eight years ago by protests against dictator Bashar al-Assad, would advance the interests of Iran and Russia.
Biden’s five picks are typical of centrists who want to trim the edges of our bloated, draconian justice system without changing anything systemically.
Throughout his presidency, Trump has shown a penchant for quick fixes and slapdash policies aimed at satisfying the short-term appetites of his base, no matter how much it hurts the country’s long-term welfare.
Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so corrupt they have gone to jail, mainstream scientists still accept their research.
How far will Republicans go to destroy democracy?
That the Secret Service takes precautions to protect the president in a time of chaos is, in itself, to be expected. But the contrast between Trump’s chest-thumping and the fact that he was cowering in the basement was objectively funny.  Unsurprisingly, a lot of people made fun of him, and he didn’t like it.
That statement, while true, could leave some listeners with the wrong impression. Warren’s plan would cancel at least some student debt for 95 percent of debt holders, and all debt for 75 percent of borrowers (the source of Vice’s erroneous headline).
But at least ISIS had enough common sense and scientific knowledge to realize that coronavirus posed a major threat to its members; in the U.S., the Christian Right and white nationalists have failed to take coronavirus seriously.
The Republican president entered the initial round of talks with the North Korean dictator in Singapore with minimal preparation – Trump went so far as to mock the very idea of doing pre-summit homework – and soon after, he made a series of concessions to Kim Jong-un in exchange for effectively nothing.

In an age when media stardom apparently confers some kind of universal expertise, it’s probably not a complete surprise that Republican House leaders keep trotting out pundit/provocateur Candace Owens to testify in congressional hearings on what should be a matter requiring the utmost seriousness and gravity: white nationalist terrorism and its toll on the American social fabric.
If she doesn't want to thank him for his honorable service, that's her business, but these ugly attempts at smearing him are unbecoming of those in positions of authority.
But the skeptics have taken on a brasher, bolder tone in recent months. 
Of course Trump doesn’t care about other people, only his ego and his appearance. Reporting from the Associated Press confirms this, as a Thursday article explained Trump told advisers that wearing a mask would “send the wrong message.”
Extreme gun advocacy group called Rocky Mountain Gun Owners cares more about fear-based fundraising and the money it generates than the policies they claim that money supports.
Trump has kept it up ever since, instructing federal police to tear-gas peaceful protesters outside the White House on Monday evening to clear the area for his ludicrous photo-op holding a Bible in front of St. John’s Episcopal Church in Lafayette Square, a stunt that outraged the bishop who oversees that church.
The Never Trumper Republicans of The Lincoln Project have mobilized former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis’s scathing broadside against the president in their latest attack on Donald Trump.
The mass protests could put Trumpism to a serious test. The president has urged police to come down hard on protesters, and now there’s an endless highlight reel of cops brutalizing people in the way Black Lives Matter activists have always said they do.
While President Donald Trump’s impeachment trial had been wrapping up, he expanded one of his most controversial and inflammatory policies with little fanfare and minimal opposition: the travel ban on people from multiple Muslim-majority countries.
Palmer had been using the power of deputization to create a private armed force comprised of his political supporters—and he gave them tremendous powers, including the ability to harass his enemies.
And so, while demonstrations began to spread and police engaged in ruthless attacks on nonviolent protesters, Americans have been subjected to Trump trying — feebly, but at great cost to both taxpayers and public safety — to assuage his ego by demanding that his real life display of weenie-ness be “fixed” with reshoots and post-production edits.
The Christian Right, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers are so twisted that they have even turned Dr. Anthony Fauci into one of the objects of their hatred. Fauci, an expert immunologist who is part of Trump’s coronavirus task force, has had to increase his security detail because of death threats from extremists who believe he is exaggerating the threat in order to undermine Trump’s presidency.
The curfews, which have never before occurred on an Election Day in recent times, were a response to looting that occurred after generally peaceful protests against police violence and racism. However, the curfews also come in a climate where the Republican Party, led by President Trump, has been repeatedly making false claims that voting by mail is rife with fraud
This dark new event revealed that America’s white nationalism problem goes far beyond Trump
There was a point a few years ago at which some GOP officials, fearing a backlash in response to the “war on women,” pretended to be pro-choice and used highly deceptive rhetoric about contraception as a way to improve their electoral prospects.
In an era in which domestic terrorism is an increasingly deadly societal scourge, it’s dangerous when a sitting American president lies to rabid followers with tales of infants being executed in medical facilities.
After tremendous pressure on the Department of Homeland Security, Miller is advancing his agenda of not just blocking migrants from entering the country illegally, but making life in the U.S. so unbearable for legal immigrants that they leave the country.
While many women, and the men who love them, are well aware that, spurred on by the Vatican, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) and the so-called personhood movement, Republicans are working feverishly to eradicate women’s reproductive rights.
The anti-vaccine crowd frequently falls back on the claim that vaccines cause autism, despite more than two dozen studies clearly showing that vaccination does not increase the incidence of autism. Nor did it make a whit of biological sense that vaccines would.
In 2018, Trump spoke wistfully about Chinese President Xi Jinping’s ability to change the constitution and scrap limits on the number of terms he could serve. And today he is trying to get Russia reinstated into the Group of 7, the organization of large democratic economies, even as Putin seeks to extend his presidential term until 2036 and still retains control of a portion of Ukraine, the reason Russia was expelled from what had been the G8 in the first place.
Minhaj, who used to appear on “The Daily Show” before getting his own Netflix series, “Patriot Act,” last year, aired an episode in February in which he broke down the often confusing but debilitating problem of crushing student loan debt in the United States.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance. These groups have converged to spread the same dangerous and self-defeating message.
Trump — who has been criticized for painting an overly rosy picture of the outbreak, often contradicting his own health officials ...
The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 was the latest legislative effort to close the persistently stubborn gap between how much women and men earn.
As banks leave low-income communities and jack up the cost of basic financial services such as checking accounts, many Americans instead have to rely on expensive and often predatory “fringe banking” institutions, such as check-cashing businesses, payday lenders and pawnshops.
Trump used to say that Mexico will pay for the wall, but since that is impossible, he has endorsed the bizarre claim that the wall will pay for itself.
Donald Trump used his mighty Twitter platform to drum up business for his golf course in Los Angeles on Sunday. U.S. deaths from COVID-19 neared 80,000, but the president didn’t tweet about that. 
While, in the wake of the El Paso murders, the media and most of our politicians are acting shocked—“shocked, I tell you!”—that there are armed racists in America who are trying to terrify people of color, the reality is that it’s pretty much always been that way here in the United States.
The whole endeavor, born of desperation, became an embarrassing fiasco for the president, but there was an underlying point of real significance: Trump and his allies realized that the American mainstream didn’t see the value of the regressive GOP tax plan, which disproportionately benefited the wealthy and big corporations.
When the nation's highest civilian honor went to a right-wing media personality, it served as an oddly appropriate capstone to Trump's broader goals.
Few could have anticipated that the historic release of the first image of a black hole would devolve into a public spectacle of sexist outrage — though such are the times we live in, in which literally every news item is picked apart by reactionaries.
Former Defense Secretary William Cohen on Friday called out President Donald Trump’s violent rhetoric about anti-racism protesters, warning the White House is “leading us down the trail toward a dictatorship.”
But director Nick Sweeney’s forthcoming documentary on McCorvey, “AKA Jane Roe,” contains a major bombshell: her conversion from abortion rights icon to born-again Christian abortion opponent was “all an act.”
Trump wore no face mask nor any other protective gear, which is typical for him, despite recommendations to the contrary by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He stopped to talk to employees — who were wearing white lab coats, masks, gloves, goggles, hair coverings and plastic booties — while they were working with the sterile swabs.
He is asking President Trump, a fellow climate change disbeliever and another white nationalist, for help with dousing the fires.
Trump has shown at best a hazy grasp of his actual powers during his presidency and instead has made broad statements about his authority under the Constitution.
Racist Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said generations of people would not be here without rape and incest while making the case for anti-abortion legislation without exceptions for victims of those crimes.
The Trump Administration hasn’t built a single foot of border fencing after thirty months of riling up its supporters with claims that the wall was vital to national security.
But so many anti-vaxxers add selfishness to their faults and put innocent children, who because of age or immune system deficiencies cannot be vaccinated, in danger.
In an apparent attempt to divert attention from a lacklustre White House effort to counter the COVID-19 pandemic and a tone-deaf approach to racial injustice, President Donald Trump has entered into another of his many quagmires where he seems to have spoken first and contemplated later.
Debates about the viability of school voucher programs have focused in recent months on programs with lackluster or spotty academic records. But there’s another issue raised by the potential expansion of public financing for private schools: an exacerbation of segregation.
Though conservatives try to demonize Ocasio-Cortez an Omar, their actual policy views are perfectly mainstream.  The New York lawmaker proposed a 70 percent tax on top incomes — a view backed by public opinion and many well-respected economists.
Trump, who actually was his school’s team captain, has long claimed that he was the best athlete there, a boast rarely challenged because coaches and classmates tended to praise him once it became in their best interests to do so.
For Fox, Clinton, Omar, and Ocasio-Cortez represent perfect targets in terms of riling up its intolerant base: Clinton is a woman of a certain age, while Ocasio-Cortez and Omar are women of a certain heritage.
Football supports Trump in its promotion of racial division, the crushing of dissent, and the spread of misinformation, inequality, and brutality.
It matters that figures like Marsha Blackburn are trying to smear a decorated American war hero. It also matters why she's engaged in such a toxic scheme.
President Trump is culpable in the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of Americans due to the evisceration of environmental protections in addition to the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of other Americans due to Trump’s disastrous response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
While Trump has stopped short of invoking the 1807 act to use the military to enforce laws domestically, he’s kept the option open, fomenting further unrest and division. Rather than staging photo opportunities while awkwardly holding a Bible in Lafayette Square, Trump would have issued a formal proclamation calling on the insurgents to disperse if he’s serious about the application of the Insurrection Act.
"We have one beautiful law," Trump recently said in his characteristically bizarre syntax and diction, repeating the word "beautiful."
...immigrants as criminals and eugenics, all of which were once considered fringe and extreme. White nationalists embrace white supremacist and white separatist views.
...we sounded the alarm in the early months of Trump’s presidency, when prime-time Fox News host Tucker Carlson began to experiment with segments that used euphemisms like “Western civilization” to package the idea that white people are inherently more civilized while people of color are a threat to national stability.
‘A new low’: Washington Post media critic blows up Tucker Carlson’s absurd lies about white nationalism
‘Gangster capitalist’ Trump is running a ‘mafia state’ — and things are about to get worse: Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist
A bold statement Wednesday from former Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis eviscerating Donald Trump has landed like a bomb in the Senate Republican caucus, sending members fleeing in all different directions.
A federal judge in Tucson, Arizona delivered a blow Monday to the Trump administration’s strategy of criminalizing humanitarian aid work along the southern border with her decision to overturn the convictions of four volunteers on religious freedom grounds.
A good conclusion to draw might be that the charity of the top 0.1 percent and of corporations both are vastly overstated and not even fractionally as useful as simply taxing them at the same effective rate as the rest of us pay, so maybe we should get on with that already.
A new report reveals that the 2017 GOP tax law was rife with monumental self-dealing by rich GOP lawmakers who have since benefited bigly.
A recent piece in The Wall Street Journal by Walter Russell Mead has caused a bit of a stir among the chattering classes. Headlined “The Coronavirus May Make Trump Stronger,” it argues that President Trump’s abysmal and malfeasant handling of the greatest public health emergency in a century is a feature, not a bug, in his quest for a second term.
A reminder: The bill that Republicans in Tennessee are trying to quash would make these hygiene products tax-free for THREE DAYS, once a year!!!!
A report in The New York Times claims that the UFC star Conor McGregor sexually assaulted a woman in Ireland.
A Supreme Court filing lays bare the deep chasm between prominent Republicans who believe in the rule of law and wannabe president for life Donald Trump, whose says he enjoys absolute immunity from any inquiry into his conduct.
A Trump-loving white security guard with a racist past shot and killed an unarmed Black man during an unprovoked hotel parking lot attack.
A year after a Democratic wave swept an unprecedented number of women and people of color into higher office all across America, and at a time when Trump’s approval rating is cratering, women should not be afraid of nominating another woman to drive Trump and his brand of pig-headed patriarchy out of the Oval Office.
ABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos cut off President Donald Trump on Tuesday during an egregious string of lies about health care at an event with voters.
According to white nationalists who promote the Replacement Theory, enemies of the white race are seeking to “replace” whites with non-whites in the United States and many other countries. 
Add to this toxic mix overmagnification by a media eager for pictures, the disinformation of Russian troll farms plus the president’s own tweets and public remarks.
After all, not only was the intrepid, all-controlling/all-seeing hero of their meta-theory—Donald Trump—roundly defeated at the polls, but the anonymous persona at the center of the cult has dropped from sight.
After all, our present administration, however unhinged, hardly launched this madness. President Trump’s rash, risky, and repugnant decision to assassinate Iranian Major General Qassem Suleimani on the sovereign soil of Iraq was only the latest version of what has proven to be a pervasive state of affairs.
After all, who else are they going to find who would be willing to just openly gaslight members of Congress, telling them not to believe the evidence of the dead in Pittsburgh and Christchurch and El Paso and many other mass-killing sites, by wielding her blackness like a shield?
After Donald Trump’s outrageous photo op in which he used federal police to attack peaceful protesters so that he could walk to a church to hold up a Bible, others noted how inappropriate it was for General Mark Milley, the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to not only be tailing behind Donald Trump during this publicized stunt but to be wearing his battle fatigues, something extremely inappropriate for the setting.
After Stephen Miller's white nationalist views outed, Latinos ask, 'where's the GOP outrage?'
After the murder of George Floyd provoked civil unrest, Donald Trump and the Republican leaders of Congress bloviated extensively about "law and order." 
After tremendous pressure on the Department of Homeland Security, Miller is advancing his agenda of not just blocking migrants from entering the country illegally, but making life in the U.S. so unbearable for legal immigrants that they leave the country.
After witnessing the right-wing reaction to Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden who spoke at the United Nations this week, there can be no doubt that modern-day conservatism, especially the Republican Party, functions primarily as a protection racket for the fragile egos of mediocre white men. 
Ah yes, the stereotype of the dumb slut. Of course, conservative lawyers before the court carefully avoid the words "dumb" or "slut" when arguing that we shouldn't treating birth control exactly as we treat any other prescription medication. 
Alarmingly, the Trump administration wants to take the reins off payday lenders.
All of which serves as an important reminder: the president isn’t just ignoring scientists and related policy experts; he’s also ignoring his own administration that issued a related report, noting that climate change is a global security threat.
All those bonanzas could have been used to fix your roads, bridges, mass transits, schools, clinics, and drinking water systems. Egomaniac Trump doesn't care about you; for him, it's about using the government to enrich himself and his family members and to bail out his failing hotels and golf courses.
Almost all of this is gibberish; Trump still can’t speak coherently about California’s wildfires; and no officials in the Golden State ever conceded that he was “right” about the subject, because he wasn’t.
Also, decades of NRA propaganda have convinced people to associate guns with safety and, indeed, as the economy craters, the NRA is treating this crisis as another opportunity to sell guns to people.
Alzheimer’s patients, lower-income preschool children, and HIV and cancer patients are among the Americans whose needs may go unmet so that the Trump administration can afford to detain thousands of migrant children.
Amazon threatened to fire workers for speaking out to the press against the company’s role in climate change, according to the grassroots Amazon employee organization Amazon Employees For Climate Justice (AECJ)‏.
America is likely to remain a relative manufacturing wasteland, as barren as Trump’s own ill-conceived ideas on trade.
Americans know President Donald Trump is an outrageous, scandal-ridden character.
And his demagoguery around the Central American immigrant caravans and asylum-seekers continually obscure the fact that asking for asylum is an entirely legal form of immigration — even though Trump and his defenders now like to call it a “loophole.”
And making matters worse is that Trump refuses to condemn the violence from the far-right because doing so would undermine his mendacious claim that leftists are responsible for a lion's share of the mayhem.
And most egregiously, in what will surely be viewed as one of the most ill-advised stunts in presidential history, the Trump Administration had federal security forces use tear gas and projectiles to vacate Lafayette square by force of arms so Trump could make a show of walking over to St. John’s Church and posing awkwardly with a bible held upside down.
And one particularly radical idea is sure to grab the attention of young people around the country: wiping out student loan debt for the vast majority of American borrowers.
And so, while demonstrations began to spread and police engaged in ruthless attacks on nonviolent protesters, Americans have been subjected to Trump trying — feebly, but at great cost to both taxpayers and public safety — to assuage his ego by demanding that his real life display of weenie-ness be “fixed” with reshoots and post-production edits.
And sure, Republicans are stupid enough to go out and get infected, doing the virus’ dirty work for it. But the economy isn’t going anywhere as long as most people, who are sane and smart, refuse to put themselves in danger for a movie or haircut.
And the oligarch billionaires have been waiting for just this moment, funding massive voter suppression, right-wing media, politicians who tell us that up is down, and efforts to keep their colleague, billionaire Donald Trump, in office.
And while some of these more cartoonish members are still on Capitol Hill we’re occasionally reminded about the torch being passed to a new generation of lawmakers who are equally difficult to take seriously.
And yes, there’s something in the Fox News DNA over the years that has meant that women political opponents spark a deeper sense of outrage and hate.
Announcing and then signing a series of legally dubious executive orders, including an effort to slash the emergency federal unemployment boost by $200 from the $600 previously implemented by Democrats, Trump touted his order for a payroll tax "holiday"—which experts noted would later have to be paid back—but said if he won in November that such a cut would become permanent.
Anyone who has shouldered the burden of six-figure student loan debt knows the heavy toll it can take. 
Apparently, even many people within the gun rights movement are concerned and are working to prevent people from openly bringing weapons to the rally but with leaders like Tucker Carlson and Donald Trump rooting them on, the “good people” who will descend on Richmond on January 20 may feel like they have approval to light a spark.
Are Trump and his ilk manipulating the markets for personal gain?
As a perennial litigant, Trump weaponized the law to devastate perceived enemies, to consolidate power, to frustrate opposing parties, as former federal prosecutor and acclaimed author James D. Zirin illuminates in his compelling and disturbing history of Trump’s use and abuse of the law, Plaintiff in Chief: A Portrait of Trump in 3,500 Lawsuits (All Points Books).
As a political calculation, it shows Biden’s campaign is confident about their standing with many suburban moderates who were swing voters in the past but have moved solidly into the Democratic Party during Trump’s presidency, offended by his bullying demeanor and chaotic style.
As banks leave low-income communities and jack up the cost of basic financial services such as checking accounts, many Americans instead have to rely on expensive and often predatory “fringe banking” institutions, such as check-cashing businesses, payday lenders and pawnshops.
As congressional Republicans unsuccessfully voted to defund the ACA more than 50 times he went on the warpath against an obscure portion of the law meant to safeguard participating insurance companies against crippling financial loss as a result of the new requirement to cover clients with pre-existing conditions.
As controversies about the “reopening” of America loom over our lives, nothing seems as intrinsically irrelevant — yet possibly as critically important — as how soon major spectator sports return.
As it has played out on the ground, these gatherings have become bellicose, and frequently armed, mobs protesting police officers at their homes, breaking into health-board meetings that were being held online, and breaking down the doors inside the Statehouse and attending committee meetings unmasked in order to intimidate state legislators.
As mayor of New York for 12 contentious years, Bloomberg backed the wildly racist stop-and-frisk policy that empowered cops to target men of color for random searches, which Charles Blow of the New York Times said “amounted to a police occupation of minority neighborhoods” and did little to actually stop crime.
As shocking as it is, even the terrorists of ISIS have been shown for respect for science when it comes to COVID-19 than the Christian Right, American white nationalists and coronavirus truthers. And the more the Christian Right rails against Fauci and social distancing, the more painfully obvious it becomes that they are a white nationalist death cult.
As the deadly COVID-19 contagion sweeps across the country, gun sales are surging, spurred in many regions by panic buying and purchases by first-time firearm owners. 
As the future administration of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris heads for the White House (no matter the recalcitrant loser still ensconced there), the rest of us must equip ourselves with both courage and caution, living as we do in a divided nation, in -- to be exact -- two very different Americas.
As the president spoke about doing “a lot” to address gun violence, while also emphasizing mental health, it was hard not to think of one of the first bills Trump signed into law.
As the ranks of Democratic Party 2020 presidential hopefuls continue to swell and Trump’s chaotic lawlessness proliferates it’s easy to miss a deepening crisis that’s already taking a toll on millions of households and is about to get much worse.
As the Republican Party is struggling to defend him in a moment of nationwide strife, President Donald Trump decided Thursday night to fuel divisions within GOP rather than make nice.
As the senators’ letter pointed out this week, government watchdogs have repeatedly called out the PHEAA’s mismanagement of the program over the years.
As the world as we know it comes to a quicker-than-expected end, with much of Australia caught up in wildfires that climate change did not start, but are unquestionably making worse, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is getting roundly toasted for his announcement that the company with the too-ironic name will be donating roughly $690,000 to Australia to help combat the ongoing fires.
At a Republican dinner in Lewiston, Maine, on Saturday night, Sen. Susan Collins gave a rousing welcome to former Gov. Paul LePage, whined about dark money being spent against her, and lied about the damage done by the 2017 tax scam bill, for which she provided the deciding vote. 
Athletes and fans are excited for Sowers' historic role at Super Bowl LIV and have remarked that her position is especially poignant given there have only been 13 out gay and bi players in the NFL's 100-year history, according to OutSports.
Australian Rugby Player Israel Folau and his anti-gay sentiments appear to have gone too far this time.
Backed by Trump & Co., that's the brilliant health care priority being pushed by top Republican officials in 18 states.
Bear in mind that none of these moneyed elites did anything to earn these extraordinary bonanzas. They didn’t work any harder, didn’t get smarter, didn’t add anything of value to society but simply reclined in luxury and let their money make money. 
Because Trump’s plan to gut pollution safeguards was so drastic that many states announced plans to enforce stricter emissions standards on their own.
Before President Donald Trump threatened to violently suppress demonstrations in memory of Floyd, before the spread of recording equipment let the world witness how U.S. police brutalize non-white bodies and before “I can’t breathe” became a global rallying cry challenging American cruelty and injustice, America tried to explain its racism to the world.
Before they decide whether to let this stand, congressional Republicans should probably have an uncomfortable conversation.
Before you cast your ballot, let's toast your informed self-respect as clear-minded voters who can see an immoral, law-breaking, greedy Trump regime full of plutocrats who couldn't care less about America and the people they've exploited.
Bevin’s downplaying of the necessity of vaccines is reckless — but deliberately infecting his children is much more so.
Biden spoke passionately Saturday night about handing out food to children and adults with his wife, Jill, and his grandchildren earlier in the day as he blamed President Donald Trump, who has proposed and begun to implement deep benefit cuts for federal subsidies benefiting the poor
Biden’s five picks are typical of centrists who want to trim the edges of our bloated, draconian justice system without changing anything systemically.
Big-money donors seem to have activated their astroturf groups to get people out in the streets to make sure that Trump feels the pressure from his beloved base to open up the economy.
Bizarrely, Abbott declared he was focused not on preventing infections but on making sure there were enough hospital beds for those who get infected. 
Bloomberg, imbued with the shamelessness of a man too rich to ever hear the word “no,” openly bragged about the racism motivating the policy, telling a crowd in Aspen in 2015 that 95% of murderers are “male, minorities, 16 to 25” and that this supposed fact was enough to justify treating an entire demographic as suspicious and a policy that amounted to “throw them up against the walls and frisk them.” 
Brooklyn measles outbreak: How a glossy booklet spread anti-vaccine messages in Orthodox Jewish communities
But at least ISIS had enough common sense and scientific knowledge to realize that coronavirus posed a major threat to its members; in the U.S., the Christian Right and white nationalists have failed to take coronavirus seriously.
But behind the scenes, Trump was getting briefings. Terrible briefings. Really awful stuff. His own campaign manager, Brad Parscale, who was reported to have spent his hefty paycheck from the Trump campaign on condos, a luxury boat and a Ferrari, met with him and showed him his internal poll numbers.
But even as the job losses mounted into the tens of millions as the nation rushed to try to contain an already widespread pandemic, the President personally promoted miracle quack cures like hydroxychloroquine and demonstrated his unbridled personal buffoonery by wondering aloud about the possibility of drinking bleach and injecting sunlight as a method of curing oneself of coronavirus.
But even if there was a president in the Oval Office who took the issue seriously, there’s still a do-nothing Senate to contend with.
But even those who take steps to better their financial situation often end up stunting their opportunities in the long run thanks to the high cost of financial services. College offers a prime example.
But existing U.S. sanctions already place such huge obstacles in the way of Iranian oil exports and imports of food, medicine, and other consumer products that it is hard to imagine what further pain these new sanctions can possibly inflict on the besieged people of Iran.
But Hedges also sees hope for saving the United States from imminent tyranny. Where? In the George Floyd protests and the possibility of revolutionary change.
But in her rush for snarky liberal-bashing, Swoyer misses the real story about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s pricey haircut: the blatant and disparate “female tax” that women in power must pay to achieve and maintain their power.
But it was Hawley’s keynote address at the National Conservatism Conference that nailed down who he is, what he believes, and where his party is going in a way that should be absolutely terrifying for every American.
But it’s getting increasingly difficult to maintain the myth that the enormous wealth inequality in not just American society but the entire world somehow reflect a system that’s fairly rewarding people for their talent and labor.
But it's also true that high-profile travesties of justice, such as the one Senate Republicans are currently preparing to commit, can often provoke major political backlash. 
But one glaring absentee was Trump, who not only declined an invitation but failed to send any American representative at all.
But pockets of vaccine skeptics have helped cause outbreaks of measles and whooping cough. 
But so many anti-vaxxers add selfishness to their faults and put innocent children, who because of age or immune system deficiencies cannot be vaccinated, in danger.
But the "young outsiders" do share the racism of traditional conservatives. They are easily riled up by the demonization of social spending programs like Obamacare or food stamps
But the Christian Right embodies a dangerous form of Christianity that is bitterly anti-science, and its ideology goes hand in hand with white nationalism and the coronavirus truther movement.
But the fact that Trump cloaks this fact by stoking false fears about immigrant crime and delivering rage-filled rants about “illegal” immigration shows that this isn’t some genuine and reasoned policy view about the costs and benefits of new entrants to the labor force — it’s a reactionary stance built atop anti-immigrant bigotry.
But the national and global trends spin a tale of two separate realities. An irrational fear of vaccines among well-educated and largely white Americans has fueled an utterly preventable and dangerous disease that had been considered “eliminated” by scientists.
But the self-righteous red-state politicians should stop yapping about bailouts and remember what the blue states have done for them these past many years. 
But the skeptics have taken on a brasher, bolder tone in recent months. 
But the timing made the mailer less of an attack than an argument in favor of Lewis George: It arrived in mailboxes as protests over police killings of Black people, including George Floyd in Minneapolis, broke out nationwide and sparked calls for massive overhauls of police departments across the country.
But then, science has never been a strong point of the Christian Right or white nationalists. They are bitterly anti-science, which is why they so deeply resent anyone who offers accurate information on the pandemic — be it Dr. Fauci or reporters at CNN and MSNBC.
But there's a method to their madness. As chaotic and dysfunctional as they are at governing, Trump and the Republicans are united on their electoral strategy.
But Trump and his most ardent supporters seem almost physically repulsed at the very idea of wearing a mask. One Republican Ohio state legislator even claimed that since “we are all created in the image and likeness of God,” covering the face with a mask is an affront to God’s creation.
But, whether this switch constitutes a true win for the racist right or not, it’s clear that MAGA conservatives are highly attuned to how decisions are made in the White House and which positions they want to control.
By any sensible measure, the Trump administration is among the worst ever seen for respecting, valuing, and following science.
By threatening the kids and their families with deportation, the administration’s U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services was effectively delivering death sentences.
Carmen Lodato wears a pin with her mother’s face — a reminder of the heart-wrenching murder six years ago in Alexandria, Va., that got her into the fight for gun control. 
Celebrity Pseudoscience: Here Are Nine Household Names Who’ve Pushed Bad Science on The Public
Certainly, in a cult revolving around an omnipotent, all-seeing hero who in their mythology is reliably ten steps ahead of the nefarious liberal criminals overseeing a global pedophilia ring about to be brought to ground, the notion of a legitimate defeat at the polls is inconceivable. 
Certainly, the disadvantaged citizens of Alabama or Mississippi or Tennessee aren't to blame for the demagogic nonsense uttered by Republicans who misrepresent them in Congress, and they don't deserve to be punished either.
Closing the gender pay gap is not rocket science – even though recently graduated female rocket scientists earn 89 cents on the dollar to their male peers.
Collins, often described as a “moderate,” is not a far-right wingnut; the Maine senator leans conservative but isn’t an extremist like Rep. Devin Nunes of California or Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio. 
Conservative commentator Ben Shapiro wants you to know that he’s so pro-life, he wouldn’t even consider aborting baby Hitler.
Consistently, Trump has fed the menacing right-wing misinformation machine by repeatedly insisting that the virus is “going to go away.” He has systematically undermined his own top scientists and is now ignoring them altogether.
Conway recycled a right-wing talking point that falsely claims a bill designed to loosen certain restrictions on late-term abortions in Virginia is “infanticide” during her Monday appearance on “Outnumbered Overtime with Harris Faulkner.”
Cops are to blame for much of this mayhem. Video clips show them wildly out of control, inciting violence and inflicting it, instead of defusing and preventing it.
Corinthian College Inc. is the bankrupted and criminal organization that Marco Rubio was defending just this past year, probably because he got a boatload of money from them in campaign organizations. Over the past 10 years it has come to light—through numerous lawsuits and state and federal investigations—that untold billions of dollars has been swindled out of student and taxpayers’ pockets by this private educational company.
Coronavirus truthers ignorantly believe that the mainstream media, Democrats, liberals, progressives and Never Trump conservatives have been exaggerating the threat of COVID-19.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance.
Coronavirus vaccine and quarantine protesters in America form an unholy COVID-19 alliance. These groups have converged to spread the same dangerous and self-defeating message.
Coronavirus: E.U. blasts Trump's travel ban as it unleashes chaos and confusion.
Court made clear what was otherwise evident then: Rubio and his fellow Republicans didn’t kill Obamacare, they only made it a bigger mess.
Debates about the viability of school voucher programs have focused in recent months on programs with lackluster or spotty academic records. But there’s another issue raised by the potential expansion of public financing for private schools: an exacerbation of segregation.
Dem Senators Say Mismanaged Student Loan Program Screwed Thousands
Demagogue that he is and that he’s toyed with becoming since well before he ran for president, Donald Trump used his June 2 rant against looting and thuggery after George Floyd’s murder to bang the drum for a civil war that he’s been toying with starting ever since he took out full-page newspaper ads in 1989, calling for the death penalty and greater police presence even after the charges against young black men in the Central Park jogger attack were soon found to be  baseless. 
Democratic U.S. Rep. David Cicilline of Rhode Island eloquently blasted Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida during Wednesday’s House hearing on gun control.
Democrats also said some girls might risk being thrown out of their homes or beaten if they tell their parents they're pregnant.
Democrats really don’t want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on a giant, ineffective border wall, so if Trump were try to come up with an offer designed to entice them, he’d have to propose something that would be (a) enormous; and (b) wildly unpopular among Republicans.
Derrick Morgan, senior vice president for federal and regulatory affairs for oil lobby group American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFRM), bragged about how successful the industry has been in pushing anti-protest legislation,
Despite an estimate showing that China — the world's biggest polluter — emitted 25 percent less carbon than in the same four-week period the previous year, Shuo remains skeptical about any lasting changes.
Despite saving millions upon millions of lives, vaccines have been meet with skepticism by a small but growing faction of conspiracy theorists. And Donald Trump, "human megaphone that is the president of the United States," has only made matters worse by supporting an "alternative vaccine schedule."
Donald Trump appeared to make some important news via Twitter last night, announcing a dramatic new plan to use Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to remove “millions” of people from American soil.
Donald Trump is not an ideas man. This has been a defining feature of his presidency. He’s not a learned policy wonk, understanding the complex nuances of law and governance. He is, at his core, just a former game show host and a con man.
Donald Trump used his mighty Twitter platform to drum up business for his golf course in Los Angeles on Sunday. U.S. deaths from COVID-19 neared 80,000, but the president didn’t tweet about that. 
Donald Trump, by design, is a chaos monster who shovels crap out faster than people can process it.
Donald Trump, by design, is a chaos monster who shovels crap out faster than people can process it. 
Donald Trump, the latest political demagogue to employ the term as a rhetorical bludgeon against peaceful protesters, can look forward to sitting alongside Sen. Joseph McCarthy, former Alabama Gov. George Wallace, Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley, who ordered police to attack political demonstrators at the 1968 Democratic convention, Richard Nixon and many foreign dictators in the annals of history — and if there is an afterlife, in the middle of the inferno.
Donald Trump, who was pro-choice in the not-too-distant past and never fit the mold of a far-right culture-war crusader, has taken a keen interest in abortion rights lately.
Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and many of his administration’s policies have played on the trope of threats posed by refugees, asylum seekers and other migrants.
Donald Trump’s reelection strategy has been clear for some weeks—destroy America’s great cities, including deliberately refusing to provide the systems needed to fight COVID-19—then point to the damage he’s done and blame “Democrat mayors.” 
Drowned out by the algorithm: Vaccination advocates struggle to be heard online
During that address, Lindell, a former drug addict turned born-again Christian who has donated more than $200,000 to Trump’s election efforts, went off-script, proclaiming to the nation that Trump had been “chosen by God.”
Earlier, the Welt am Sonntag German newspaper reported that President Donald Trump had offered funds to lure CureVac to the United States
Equally important, he notes, is that it is difficult for incumbents to distance themselves from Trump over fears he will turn his base against them — meaning they are in a trap of their own making.
Even after climton's loss in 2016, the network tried desperately to drag her back into the spotlight, to juice up its long-running narrative that she’s a an all-powerful force of marauding feminist evil, which viewers embrace with lust.
Even as U.S. immigration officials have pushed to deport hundreds of Iraqi Christians over the last few years, asserting in court that they are unlikely to be targeted in their homeland, another arm of the Trump administration has insisted just the opposite, saying that Christians in Iraq face terror and extortion.
Even before Trump started to make a big show out of not wearing a mask, it was common, at least in my South Philadelphia neighborhood, to see MAGA-hat-clad white men walking around without masks, delivering contemptuous sneers to the rest of us suckers who are covering our noses and mouths. 
Even if you don’t speak white nationalist dog whistle, this speech is pretty shocking. Hawley is claiming that the United States is run, and has been run, by a secret group of international “elites” who value terrible things—such as education, achievement, and progress.
Even Richard Nixon, to whom Trump likes to compares himself to, was occasionally willing to venture out into crowds of protesters to talk to them. Trump, however, is such a wuss that he made his cadre of protectors tear-gas people rather than subject himself to a crowd’s insults. Far from proving he was a tough guy, Trump’s actions only led to another round of taunting about his wimpiness.
Even the European Union (with the Maastricht Treaty in 1993) has adopted the radical economic and political ideologies of Thatcherism and Reaganism—neoliberalism—that benefitted wealthy elites while forcing austerity on its poorer member nations, inflicting massive pain and inciting right-wing movements in Greece, Spain and Italy, among others.
Even though Thunberg is capable of doing things many on the right refuse to do — such as read and understand scientific evidence — right-wingers argued that Thunberg and her fellow youth activists cannot think for themselves.
Even Trump isn't nutty enough — yet — to seriously suggest that the Democrats have some secret plan to bulldoze the suburbs. 
Even Trump’s own health care advisers know nothing about the ‘mythical’ health care plan he brags about
Even while liberals were being ridiculed and dismissed by Biden and by the Democratic Party hierarchy, which bizarrely invested its political energy in appealing to Republican neocons, liberals were busy marginalizing journalists, including Glenn Greenwald and Matt Taibbi, who called out Biden and the Democrats.
Ever since Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) revealed her plan to forgive student debt and make public universities free on Monday morning, the internet has been a carnival of bad faith, magical thinking and misinformation about the nature of college costs in the United States.
Experts have warned that a total U.S. withdrawal from Syria, which is still embroiled in a chaotic civil war spawned eight years ago by protests against dictator Bashar al-Assad, would advance the interests of Iran and Russia.
Experts sound off after messy and chaotic Trump-Biden debate
Extreme gun advocacy group called Rocky Mountain Gun Owners cares more about fear-based fundraising and the money it generates than the policies they claim that money supports.
Extremists on the far right are deeply troubled by the name Black Lives Matter, viewing it as an assertion that white lives don’t matter — which, of course, it isn’t.
Facebook is banning white nationalism and white supremacy from its social network following criticism that it had not done enough to eliminate hate speech on its platform.
Facebook, YouTube and Amazon all answered with policy changes, removing some fear-mongering content related to vaccines.
Far-right talk show host Glenn Beck is being slammed by everyone from liberals and progressives to Never Trump conservatives for his idiotic argument that if older Americans have to die from coronavirus, so be it — it’s better to end social distancing and get the U.S. economy back on track than to maintain social distancing and keep hurting the economy.
Fearful and insecure Americans are taking advantage of weak and ineffective gun-control laws and stocking up, as President Trump might say, “like never before.”
Few could have anticipated that the historic release of the first image of a black hole would devolve into a public spectacle of sexist outrage — though such are the times we live in, in which literally every news item is picked apart by reactionaries.
Finally, he launched into a meandering rant about Biden, suggesting that under the Obama administration, nothing was done to fix policing in the United States. While the previous administration surely didn’t do enough, and Biden himself has contributed to the criminal justice problems in the country, Trump completely ignored the fact that the Obama Justice Department actually did take significant steps toward reform following the protests in Ferguson.
First, as a small-minded, small-government zealot, he obsequiously followed Trump's lead of do-nothingism, pretending the bad thing would just drift away. 
Football supports Trump in its promotion of racial division, the crushing of dissent, and the spread of misinformation, inequality, and brutality.
For a lazy narcissist like Trump, that must have been a life-altering realization: Hollywood fakery can make even the biggest idiot appear smart and capable. So he has spent the entire presidency, which he thinks of more as a fake TV job than a real one, using photo-ops, pep rallies and other stunts to try to shape an image of himself as sharp and tough, an image that runs totally counter to reality.
For decades, Democratic administrations have been cleaning up economic messes left to them by Republican administrations.
For decades, opponents of reproductive rights have faced a judicial arithmetic they could not overcome: there simply weren't five justices willing to overturn Roe.
For Fox, Clinton, Omar, and Ocasio-Cortez represent perfect targets in terms of riling up its intolerant base: Clinton is a woman of a certain age, while Ocasio-Cortez and Omar are women of a certain heritage.
For one thing, Trump’s impatience now threatens to undo the measures of the last ten weeks. Thanks in part to the foment of anti-lockdown protesters tacitly endorsed by Trump, governors are under increasing political pressure to reopen quickly—perhaps too soon.
For some on the right, all references to massacres such as these are supposed to avoid phrases such as “mass shooting” and “gun violence,” because the rhetoric, according to the right, might imply there’s something wrong with guns. 
For that matter, Christianity is equally anti-suicide. And yet, the Christian Right and many of President Donald Trump’s far-right white evangelical supporters have been encouraging behavior that is suicidal. 
For years now, Fox News has been mainstreaming arguments that used to be the province of  fringe websites run by neo-Nazis and other groups who believe the U.S. is meant to be a country of white people and for white people
For years, people opposed to vaccines have flooded Hotez’s social media accounts, calling him a shill for the pharmaceutical industry, though he’s never been paid by a drugmaker. 
Former Australia Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ripped Donald Trump’s botched handling of the coronavirus pandemic in a new op-ed, describing the U.S. president as a “quack apothecary” for hyping unproven cures
Former Defense Secretary William Cohen on Friday called out President Donald Trump’s violent rhetoric about anti-racism protesters, warning the White House is “leading us down the trail toward a dictatorship.”
Former GOP strategist Steve Schmidt on Monday rebuked President Donald Trump’s fumbling response to the coronavirus pandemic, suggesting the United States would not be facing “catastrophe” if former President Barack Obama were still in office
Given a certain level of mistrust, here are several public information topics for which we should remain on high alert for quackery.
Gov. Greg Abbott dug his heels in Tuesday in a TV interview explaining why Texas will be the only state in the nation to reject refugees seeking resettlement, saying that aid groups working with refugees should instead prioritize other Texans in need, including the state’s homeless population.
Greta Thunberg, the teenage climate activist from Sweden, the 16-year-old’s steely-eyed courage has helped inspire kids across the country — and the world — to join her call to strike from school last week and stand up for more aggressive action to combat the climate crisis.
Gun control groups hit back, saying the closures are strictly a public health matter — even as a number of sympathetic Democratic governors acknowledge bowing to pressure from lawsuits and the Trump administration.
Gun enthusiasts have erroneously enlisted the Constitution to justify this extreme democracy of firepower.
Harking back to the embarrassing days of Gov. Rick "Oops" Perry, my state of Texas is once again saddled with a Republican gubernatorial goober
Having failed to contain a historic public health crisis and ensuing economic downturn, the Republican Party is running on a big lie, claiming against all evidence that "Democrat-led" cities are rife with crime and rioting and chaos, with fearful (white) residents fleeing in droves to safer locales in the suburbs. 
He is asking President Trump, a fellow climate change disbeliever and another white nationalist, for help with dousing the fires.
He justified his racism by saying that “many people agree with me,” and by continuing to rave on Twitter about how the real purveyors of “racist hatred” are those who look askance at his embracing the rhetoric of Stormfront and the KKK.
He lied about matters large and small. He refused to shake House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's outstretched hand. He talked up a divisive culture war.
He was supposed to host a lame event at the White House on Thursday to bolster fake concerns that white evangelicals are being oppressed, but blew off pandering to his strongest supporters for an hour, likely because he couldn't pry himself away from news coverage of the impeachment trial's kickoff. 
Her proposal brings into sharp focus conservatives’ crusade to legislate control of women’s bodies through restrictive abortion bills and other measures that undermine reproductive rights.
Here’s why the fear of medical bankruptcy could make the spread of coronavirus even worse in the US
Here's how Trump is grifting the pandemic to give the rich another big tax cut
Here's the first thing to notice about the horrific news cycle of the past few days: Donald Trump is openly stoking right-wing violence, in no small part, because it bumps the coronavirus pandemic (6 million cases and rising, more than 183,000 dead) and the economic crisis (10% unemployment and 29 million Americans going hungry) out of the headlines.
Here's why the tormented conservative mind is so drawn to the dangerous allure of miracle drugs
Historian explains the bizarre racist theory behind the far right's hysteria over the George Floyd protests
Hotez said anti-vaccine groups are seizing on the anti-government sentiment stoked by conservative-leaning protesters to advance their cause.
How a 'constitutionalist' Oregon sheriff rules his rural county like a personal fiefdom
How a Yale professor trolls the liberals on Trump’s reelection by writing propaganda disguised as academic analysis
How anti-vaxxers target grieving moms and turn them into crusaders against vaccines
How Bill Barr's Justice Department weaponized the 'rule of law' to attack Trump's political opponents
How do the people at these rallies make sense of their claims that they are not "racist"  or "violent" while they are carrying guns, waving Confederate flags, wearing other fascist insignia and in several cases displaying signs with Nazi slogans?
How far will Republicans go to destroy democracy?
How the coronavirus pandemic shows that Christian white nationalism is a much greater threat to the US than radical Islam
However, there is evidence suggesting that having cops in schools can help perpetuate the school-to-prison pipeline ― the cycle in which students, particularly students of color, are pushed out of school and into the criminal justice system when school authorities criminalize student misbehavior.
However, this intentionally cruel right-wing political maneuver is so unpopular -- especially today -- that there was no trumpeting of the legal filing by the White House to strike Obamacare. 
Hundreds of white nationalists lined the streets of Charlottesville, Va., last Saturday to protest the removal of a Confederate monument. Some waved Confederate and Nazi flags, others brandished shields.
If Donald Trump was willing to have Americans gassed and beaten so he could stage a photo opportunity, what will he be willing to do to retain the presidency come election time?
If she doesn't want to thank him for his honorable service, that's her business, but these ugly attempts at smearing him are unbecoming of those in positions of authority.
If the only way we can get rid of a sociopathic tyrant named Trump is with an oligarch named Bloomberg, we will be forced to choose the oligarch.
If the press could think beyond the narrow assumptions of political debate, and if the Democratic Party had more rhetorical daring, they might make it clear that Black Lives Matter, a formidable coalition of civil rights organizations, and tens of thousands of outraged citizens filling the streets in protest of police brutality, are on the side of the law. 
If there is one group that deserves our deepest contempt it is the liberal elites, those who posture as the moral arbiters of society while abandoning every value they purportedly hold the moment they become inconvenient. 
If they get their way, insurance giants (which are major campaign donors to Abbott and other GOP officials who're pushing the court action) would again be able to gouge customers, boot young people from their parents' coverage and refuse to cover people with preexisting conditions.
If Trump’s actions threatened to turn the culture war into an active shooting war, that would just be collateral damage on the road to his political recovery.
If you didn’t know, Donald Trump is golfing and hanging out with rich people in New Jersey this weekend, so of course, high on flattery, he’s holding media events.
If you have a moment, how about joining two retired officers, Bill Astore and me, Danny Sjursen, as we think about this country's catastrophic forever wars that, regardless of their deadly costs and lack of progress, never seem quite to end?
I'm also struck by Blackburn's style of needlessly toxic politics, once again questioning the patriotism of a decorated U.S. Army combat veteran who earned a Purple Heart.
Imagine a world where over one-half of the members in the Republican House of Representatives, including the top Republican in that caucus, sign on to a clumsy, thoroughly bogus attempt to overturn a national election based on contrived lies that add up to nothing except the fact that their man lost. 
Imagine the outgoing, losing president, doing his level best to sabotage and hamstring the man who beat him in the election, alternatively whining and threatening elected Republican officials, demanding a list of those opposed to him, so that he could single them out for punishment.
In 2017, the International Basketball Federation overturned its long-criticized ban on religious headwear, including the hijab, after much scrutiny.
In 2018, Trump spoke wistfully about Chinese President Xi Jinping’s ability to change the constitution and scrap limits on the number of terms he could serve. And today he is trying to get Russia reinstated into the Group of 7, the organization of large democratic economies, even as Putin seeks to extend his presidential term until 2036 and still retains control of a portion of Ukraine, the reason Russia was expelled from what had been the G8 in the first place.
In a country awash in guns and grassroots racism, with a major party flirting with mob violence, getting rid of police departments would be akin to jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire of uncontained extremism. 
In a country where gun ownership and firearms training are seen by the far right as inalienable, all-American freedoms, the military is a ripe breeding ground for disaffected men looking for individual empowerment, a sense of belonging, and just such training.
In a nation that has so often boasted about being the wealthiest and freest in history, I've regularly witnessed painful divisions caused by hunger, homelessness, sickness, degradation, and so much more. 
In a roughly 10-minute speech, Biden celebrated his Super Tuesday wins and hit on talking points including affordable health care, access to rural health care, climate change, gun control and reducing student loan debt.
In a September executive order, President Donald Trump gave states and local governments the right to reject refugees, but instead of saying no, most state and local officials have blindsided the administration by opting in, according to two former officials familiar with the matter.
In a three-part breakdown of how Trump has failed this moment and the nation, (Ret.) Gen. Allen specifically called out this administration singling out antifa—a leaderless movement that is, by definition, anti-fascist—as a terrorist group while ignoring the white supremacists who have been proven to be inciting violence at some of these protests.
In an age when media stardom apparently confers some kind of universal expertise, it’s probably not a complete surprise that Republican House leaders keep trotting out pundit/provocateur Candace Owens to testify in congressional hearings on what should be a matter requiring the utmost seriousness and gravity: white nationalist terrorism and its toll on the American social fabric.
In an apparent attempt to divert attention from a lacklustre White House effort to counter the COVID-19 pandemic and a tone-deaf approach to racial injustice, President Donald Trump has entered into another of his many quagmires where he seems to have spoken first and contemplated later.
In an emailed statement, a Trump Organization spokeswoman blasted de Blasio for “using the power of his office to try and launch an investigation into his political opponent.” The statement called the allegations “unfounded and clearly motivated by politics.”
In an era in which domestic terrorism is an increasingly deadly societal scourge, it’s dangerous when a sitting American president lies to rabid followers with tales of infants being executed in medical facilities.
In certain ways, 2020 feels a lot like 1968. Federal troops and local police are clashing with Black people sick of police brutality and discrimination. Americans are dying in massive, alarming numbers ― then, in the Vietnam war; now, as the coronavirus pandemic spreads across the nation. Americans are angry.
In court and in public, the administration defended the extreme and disruptive measure being based on national security considerations, though it was clearly an instantiation of Trump’s bigoted campaign promise to end all Muslim immigration to the United States.
In Europe, no government has joined Trump’s anti-Iran crusade (though John Bolton is whispering in the ear of the new Trump-loving prime minister, Boris Johnson.)
In every case legislators are being swarmed by right-wing activists who don’t hesitate to use deceit and hysteria to stop Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) ratification from happening.
In fact, the scenario of killing babies after they're born that Trump depicted was ridiculously false.
In his defense, Trump and his supporters have claimed that not all the protesters were peaceful, and that there were criminals among them. 
In New York City, the national epicenter of the disease, the same racialized outcomes are observed, with more African Americans being hospitalized and dying from the disease than any other racial group, followed by Latinos.
In office, however, Trump has continued the GOP crusade against Medicaid. 
In Philadelphia, the most hated man during the coronavirus pandemic might very well be Joel Freedman — the wealthy, Los Angeles-based real estate investor who has kept a large hospital closed even as cases in the city rise.
In practical terms, Trump wants to make the transition from dramatically curtailing refugee admissions to effectively ending refugee admissions.
In practice, that means it's hard to trust Bezos' pledge when Amazon, the source of his wealth, has been aggressively courting oil and gas companies with its cloud computing services and threatened workers who campaigned for stronger climate action with dismissal. 
In recent months, Trump has begun aggressively attacking mail voting, a process that is standard in some states now and which many others are expanding because of concerns that in-person voting could spread the coronavirus. Trump has repeatedly claimed that expanding voting by mail will let Democrats cheat, even though he, his press secretary and a top adviser have all voted by mail in recent elections.
In September, Trump made roughly his ten-zillionth claim that he had a "much better" health care plan than Biden, despite having no health care plan. 
In the case of student debt cancellation, they also force people to make painful choices: Does a young couple put off getting married to get their student debt reduced? Do they wait another year before taking good jobs, so that they qualify? Must a struggling young person stay away from his parents’ home and couch-surf for a year to obtain the benefit?
In the chaos of this moment, it seems likely that Joe Biden will just squeeze into the presidency and that he'll certainly win the popular vote, Donald Trump's Mussolini-like behavior and election night false claim of victory notwithstanding
In the dominant political fight in D.C., Donald Trump wants a giant wall along the U.S./Mexico border.
In the months that followed, all independent polling has found the American mainstream not only blames Trump and his party for the shutdown, but also does not want to spend billions of taxpayer dollars on an ineffective and unnecessary border wall.
In the Trumpian pandemic moment, gun purchases have soared in a country that already topped the world by far in armed citizens. 
In the weeks leading up to the District of Columbia’s primary election, a powerful interest group repeatedly hammered council candidate Janeese Lewis George with an attack that in the past has proved devastating: She was soft on crime and unsupportive of the D.C. police force.
In their blatant, arrogant insouciance, Barr’s actions have a much deeper and alarming significance than the simple emergence of Barr as  a corrupt Trump toady at the head of DOJ.
In total, the American economy has lost trillions of dollars because of Donald Trump's willful, malicious, corrupt and likely intentional negligence in responding to the coronavirus pandemic.
In Tuesday night's debate, the two progressive senators de-escalated a tense round of tit-for-tat exchanges between their presidential campaigns over the charged issues of gender and electability.
In Washington, three key issues seemed to galvanize most of the protesters: climate change, immigration and reproductive rights.
In what could be construed as an act of treason, President Trump recently ordered such paramilitary groups and right-wing thugs to take up arms and to threaten Democratic-led state governments such as Michigan's in order to force them to "reopen" their state.
Indeed, just this week, Donald Trump, who once said the climate crisis was a hoax concocted by the Chinese, marveled at cold temperatures throughout the Midwest, convinced that the frigid weather is evidence of … something.
Indeed, that original NYT report suggested that the management at Trump’s club in New Jersey was well aware of the fact that it employed undocumented immigrants, and it deliberately took steps to obscure the fact that it broke the law – repeatedly, over the course of several years.
India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi is often compared to Donald Trump, especially when it comes to his anti-Muslim policies.
Inhibiting travel and commerce—not to mention making consular interviews deeply intrusive on a gendered basis—by imposing restrictions on pregnant women is an alarmist reaction to a small issue.
Instead, they want to force women and their doctors to subject dying newborns to further horrific medical intervention, to needles and lights and loud voices and scalpels and machines that will only prolong the inevitable, only prolong their pain.
Israel has a vested interest in escalation, not de-escalation, with Iran.
It is a monumental ode to human stupidity that the wealthiest nation in the world teeters on the edge of a dangerous measles epidemic at the same time that poor nations are struggling to vaccinate their residents. 
It is no wonder why Republicans insisted on ramming through incredibly unpopular tax cuts for American corporations that were already making near-record profits, even at the risk of losing control of the House of Representatives. 
It is not only cops who are often able to live outside the law. It is also the wealthy and well-connected sociopaths who poison the environment, exploit the poor and manipulate unprincipled political officials.
It matters that figures like Marsha Blackburn are trying to smear a decorated American war hero. It also matters why she's engaged in such a toxic scheme.
It may have taken Trump to point out the pitfalls of the Chimerica link, but coming up with a coherent strategy to replace it is clearly beyond the president’s abilities.
It remains to be seen how players — whose wages span a wide spectrum in a league with no salary cap — will respond to the request following calls from government ministers to cut their often-astronomical wages.
It was at this point that Trump thought it’d be a good idea to start bragging.
It was language distinctly reminiscent of white mobs bitter about the failure of local law enforcement to execute Blacks accused of crimes.
It was not Republican governors ignoring expert advice to "reopen" states in time for Memorial Day, nor Trump's constant blasting of lockdown orders, nor Trump's partisan contempt for mask usage, nor the party's anti-science ravings about the basics of pandemic spread.
It wasn't long after Donald Trump and his team took office that they looked for ways to make things easier for polluters.
It would indeed be out of character for the Trump administration to take any firm stand against criminalizing homosexuality, since Trump — despite his campaign promises that he would live and let live — has been one of the most LGBTQ-hostile presidents in modern politics.
It seems as if things may be coming to a head as we launch into what I fervently hope will be the last year of this bizarre and disturbing political ordeal.
It’s a mafia state. There’s no control. There’s no regulation. The system is full of legalized bribery. The electoral process is corrupt as well. The courts are stacked with right-wing ideologues.
It’s all part of an endless, dehumanizing Fox News campaign to silence opponents, and specifically to silence and intimidate Democratic women.
It’s also hard to imagine many people emulating the strategically directed, war-painted looters in the Boston Tea Party of 1773 now by breaking into headquarters or warehouses of big pharma conglomerates such as Pfizer, Inc. and dumping their over-priced, corruptly protected  products into rivers. 
It’s Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, and for several hours now countless mostly white, mostly male pro-gun, anti-gun control activists have been marching throughout the streets of Richmond, Virginia, claiming to merely be exercising their Second Amendment rights. 
It’s no exaggeration to say that everything that Trump has done since then has been a pathetic effort to nuh-uh the hecklers and prove that he’s no #BunkerBoy, but a big, tough guy who will totally kick your ass without breaking a sweat. He’ll shove the White House doctor out to tell some more lies about Trump’s health, if that’s what it takes.
It’s no exaggeration to say that the anti-choice movement, from tip to toe, is stuffed with melodramatic liars and grifters.
It’s only a matter of time, the argument goes, before the Roe v. Wade precedent is struck down at the hands of five conservative justices, two of whom are on the high court thanks to Trump.
It’s paramount now, as Fox News and the right-wing noise machine try to take down a new generation of Democratic women leaders, that everyone understands the strategy in play.
It's also a function of the moral hazard that allows a plutocrat like Donald Trump to gain control over a so-called democracy with the goal of funneling resources (through tax policies, government subsidies and other laws) to themselves and other members of his class, while denying resources and opportunities to the vast majority of Americans.
It's hard to describe what is actually happening in this country without sounding hyperbolic. But this is where we are: Republicans under Trump have whipped themselves into a racist hysteria, and have decided nothing short of straight-up warfare on American cities can make the world right again.
It's long past time to stop excusing Donald Trump's racist trolling as the accidental bumblings of an idiot who doesn't know better.
It's not clear at how or why Mary Trump could have broken the law, as the president claimed, when she turned over records of her family's taxes in her possession to the New York Times.
It's not just governments and international organizations that have lined up to express dismay at Trump's move. Experts, entrepreneurs and others have also been quick to condemn the announcement.
It's perverse that any other governor would follow Abbott's lead, for he presides over a health care disaster.
Kansas is poised to finally accept Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act, through an agreement achieved by Democratic Gov. Laura Kelly and Sen. Jim Denning, the Republican leader of the state Senate.
Large majorities of both parties seem to like the Green New Deal, despite efforts by Fox News to paint it as disastrous.
Last week, the House Judiciary Committee moved forward with plans for an expansive investigation into Trump World abuses, prompting White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to release a rather intemperate press statement.
Last year, some states tried to ban abortion after just six weeks into a pregnancy ― when many women don’t even know they’re pregnant yet. Considering that 1 in 4 women has an abortion during her lifetime, the effects of these restrictions could prove devastating.
Lawmakers who claim to care about women’s emotional health would do better to listen to the hundreds of thousands of women who seek abortion care every year and know it is the right decision.
Lebanese citizens from across sectarian divides came together in a rare display in unity late last year after proposed tax hikes enraged an already struggling populace.
Lexington’s Bishop John Stowe is admonishing Covington Catholic students insisting that the teens can’t claim to be “pro-life” while supporting a president who “denigrates” immigrants and refugees.
Liberal economist and New York Times opinion writer Paul Krugman, in a scathing column this week, warns that extreme events like the wildfires that have been devastating Australia are a preview of things to come — and he stresses that right-wing politicians who deny the reality of climate change are as great a threat as the events themselves.
Like Donald Trump, Griffin's an obvious coward who wants to push violent rhetoric but isn't willing to face the consequences for doing so. 
Long before becoming president, Donald Trump was already acting as if he were the head of a lynch mob.
Lots of politicians and critics across the board have attacked the Green New Deal proposed last week by freshman Democrats Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts.
Mack’s organization—which has a long history of association with the Bundys—claims that the U.S. constitution grants sheriffs, and not federal or state officers, powers as the supreme law of the land. 
Many are mocking the president’s astonishing lack of understanding about even the most basic concepts of vaccines and how drug tests on them are performed.
Many people in politics and media are still not used to female power, and Pelosi’s novel position, while creating some pointless problems for her, also gives her some surprising advantages.
Many pointed out at the time of the Park Police’s first statement denying use of “tear gas” was obviously misleading. But Trump and his right-wing defenders jumped on it. Most prominently, Federalist writer Mollie Hemingway wrote a piece, shared by the president, accusing the media of falsely reporting that tear gas was used, even though the crowd was exposed to gases and compounds that clearly caused tears and severe irritation.
Matters worsened for him when COVID-19 hit the United States and exposed him not just as a divisive buffoon, but a cynically incompetent one. The Administration delayed its response, worried that any action they took would hurt the stock market and erode Trump’s last remaining electoral strength.
Meanwhile, a pervasive celebrity culture — in which celebrities are considered trusted “experts” solely because of their fame — has poisoned the idea of what constitutes expertise.
Medically unnecessary laws regulating abortion have been exposed as dishonest attempts to close clinics.
Meet the shadowy accountants who do Trump’s taxes and help him seem richer than he is
Michael Kranish of the Washington Post also published a lengthy article detailing Bloomberg’s verbal diarrhea when it came to expressing his uglier views on women. 
Miller is the architect of President Donald Trump's hardline immigration policies that have separated children from parents, forced people seeking asylum in the U.S. to wait in Mexico under squalid conditions, instituted the Muslim ban and poured money from the military into border wall construction.
Minhaj, who used to appear on “The Daily Show” before getting his own Netflix series, “Patriot Act,” last year, aired an episode in February in which he broke down the often confusing but debilitating problem of crushing student loan debt in the United States.
More subtly, however, Pelosi is also using her gender to put Trump — who is visibly unnerved by having any woman around that isn’t clearly there to serve him, sexually or otherwise — on his heels. 
Morrison is a typical right-wing conservative who is in thrall to the energy sector of his country's economy. 
Mulvaney apparently didn’t see this line of inquiry coming, so he was left in an awkward spot: Democrats are trying to embarrass Trump, but his chief of staff has no idea why Trump would be embarrassed by his own tax materials.
n Dr. King's day, that other America was, for a time, laid bare to the nation through mass social unrest and political change, through the bold actions of the freedom fighters who won the Voting Rights Act and then just kept on fighting, as well as governmental programs like the "War on Poverty."
Naturally, of course, right-wingers reacted in the ugliest way possible: By arguing that Thunberg’s identity — as a young person, as a person on the autism spectrum and, although they are careful not to say this directly, as a girl — inherently discredits what she has to say.
Nearly 60 percent of Americans now support the marginal tax rate program Ocasio-Cortez has proposed uncluding a remarkable 45 percent of Republicans, despite all the work right-wing media has done to demonize Ocasio-Cortez and anything related to her.
Nevertheless, Trump and other Republicans have tarred the protests as havens for terrorists intent on destroying property. 
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern last month said she’s baffled by America’s failure to pass stricter gun laws, despite the wave of mass shootings that have taken place across the country over the last few decades.
No sooner do states start getting together to talk about what it would take to start a rolling economic re-opening than here comes Donald Trump to assert that only he has that authority.
Nobel laureate Paul Krugman breaks down Trump's anti-working class agenda
Not only would House Bill 2320 rescind the rights for same-sex marriage, it also would cement into law a litany of far right wing extremist claims, including that being LGBTQ is a “mythology,” government recognition of LGBTQ people is “the greatest sham since the inception of American jurisprudence,” and the proposition that there “are no ex-blacks but there are thousands of ex-gays.”
Not since the Jim Crow South years have we had to worry about people's physical safety as they approach the polls to cast their vote -- and the "Four More Years" folks and other gun-toting Trump supporters have, I fear, just gotten started. 
Now a few words for voters inclined to support dictator Donald Trump.
Now Modi has made international headlines for yet another similarity: He’s constructing a massive wall … but unlike Trump’s goal of keeping immigrants out, Modi’s wall was built to hide the country’s poverty from the gold-plated American president.
Now Republicans, who are working hard to destroy ObamaCare, will not have to face voters on the issue until after the election.
Now that the Supreme Court has ruled on Texas' ridiculous suit against four other states, perhaps we can take stock of what's happened over the past few weeks.
Now Trump claims that as president he can wipe out any debt to society for past criminal conduct.
Now, the data shows there is an aftershock in the form of the looming tsunami of student debt defaults that will hit communities of color the hardest, according to data compiled by the National Center for Education Statistics and Demos, a progressive think tank.
Now, Trump’s economic advisers and his unqualified son-in-law Jared Kushner have another way to undermine Social Security: The so-called “Eagle Plan,” which would be more aptly named the Work ’Til You Die Plan.
Obama’s joke about moat with alligators came to mind while reading a newly published report from the New York Times on Donald Trump’s zealotry on border policy.
Ocasio-Cortez used this weekend’s news cycle to continue highlighting the evils of wealth inequality, and to draw attention to serious policy fixes for the problem.
Of course Trump doesn’t care about other people, only his ego and his appearance. Reporting from the Associated Press confirms this, as a Thursday article explained Trump told advisers that wearing a mask would “send the wrong message.”
Of course, the famously corrupted higher education sports market is a happy NFL partner and crime may pay after all, as it often does in the Trump league.
Of course, viruses don’t just “go away” regardless of the amount of propaganda or wishful thinking you throw at them. His theory, however, is telling. Trump’s strategy from the beginning of this crisis has been to minimize the threat and wish it away.
Oh, and Azar put on his best hyper-partisan hat to assure America that if the Trump administration and his Republican Party succeed in convincing the Supreme Court to wipe "Obamacare" from the books, then for sure, this time, then present a Republican plan to "protect those with preexisting conditions" with new legislation that hasn't been written, that Azar would not describe, with "exact details" that do not yet exist.
On Friday, Trump claimed he had reached a landmark last-minute immigration deal with Mexico, which meant he no longer had to impose the tariffs he had been threatening, part of his incoherent southern-border policy.
On June 1, Donald Trump, the failed businessman who became president by pretending to be a successful businessman on reality TV, decided to tear-gas peaceful protesters in search of a photo op.
On Monday, the Supreme Court voted in an 8-1 decision against Rubio’s gimmick to take down Obamacare.
On multiple occasions, Trump has claimed his full healthcare plan would be released in "two weeks," "one month," "soon," and so on, the truth is that it has been three and a half years and Trump still has not released a plan. 
On one hand, it’s true that a female candidate would face an uphill battle against the ingrained sexism of the electorate, not to mention the vicious misogyny of Donald Trump.
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump will give an Oval Office address on the government shutdown he created, during which he presumably will lie through his teeth to defend his highly unpopular immigration agenda.
On Tuesday, retired U.S. Navy Admiral Mike Mullen, who served as the 17th chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, also took aim at Trump’s brutal policies against American citizens.
Opposition to immunizations was once largely limited to online bullying, but now opponents are increasingly taking their harassment tactics into the real world: aggressively following legislators and doctors and, in some cases, using physical violence.
Owens defended herself Friday by insisting that her blackness was credential enough to claim expertise in domestic terrorism.
Palmer had been using the power of deputization to create a private armed force comprised of his political supporters—and he gave them tremendous powers, including the ability to harass his enemies.
'Pandemic Apprentice': Deprived of rallies to inflate his ego, Trump muscles in on sickness and death
Paul Krugman blast GOP's claim they have a superior alternative to Obamacare
Pence responded by bizarrely claiming that the Obama-Biden response to the H1N1 swine flu in 2009 was a bigger "failure," because that virus infected 60 million people.
People keep getting sick and the economy is cratering, but for Republicans, hating women is still a major priority: republican governors in Texas, Ohio and even Maryland are trying to use the coronavirus crisis as an excuse to block women from getting abortions, claiming that ending a pregnancy is a “nonessential” medical procedure that must be rescheduled.
People were tear-gassed, manhandled, shoved, battered with clubs and slammed with shields on Monday to clear the way for Trump to cross the street from the White House for a photo op at St. John’s Episcopal Church. The onslaught against the protesters began 25 minutes before a 7 p.m. curfew. 
Perhaps the pushback from the Pentagon will increase the political cost, but if congressional Republicans won’t break with the president, then he’ll probably be able to create the carnage he seeks without too much difficulty.
Pompeo also spoke with the Wichita Eagle in November, and that interview turned messy, too.
Pompeo appeared hopelessly lost when WSMV’s Nancy Amon was far better prepared for an interview than he was.
Powell and others in the George W. Bush administration lied extensively while making the case for war in Iraq in the early 2000s, fabricating “evidence” of the existence of weapons of mass destruction within the country.
Power is pretty much all the racist right wants.
President Donald Trump accused Democrats of “politicizing” the deadly coronavirus during a campaign rally here on Friday, claiming that the outbreak is “their new hoax” as he continued to downplay the risk in the U.S.
President Donald Trump bragged on Sunday that the Republican Party has never been stronger or more united than it is now, even as his impeachment trial is set to begin in the Senate this week. 
President Donald Trump clearly wasn’t pleased on Wednesday when he learned that his former Defense Secretary James Mattis had spoken out against him. So the president responded in his usual and predictable way: lashing out on Twitter.
President Donald Trump had a lot to say about health care when he gave his State of the Union speech on Tuesday, February 4, claiming that he was determined to protect coverage for preexisting health conditions and that “socialist” Democrats were trying to rob Americans of the health plans they love.
President Donald Trump has been doubling down on his love of tariffs this week, vowing to increase tariffs on Chinese imports.
President Donald Trump has characterized those clashing with law enforcement after George Floyd’s death under the knee of a Minneapolis police officer as organized, radical-left thugs engaging in domestic terrorism, an assertion repeated by Attorney General William Barr.
President Donald Trump is losing support from his evangelical base as he lurches from one crisis into another. Numerous polls show that religious Americans, like most other Americans, disapprove of the president’s performance, and that could imperil his re-election chances.
President Donald Trump lashed out Friday at his niece Mary Trump for the first time on Twitter, clearly riled up by the fact that she has released a tell-all book about their family.
President Donald Trump rambled off-topic after Rush Limbaugh asked him about health care protections for those with pre-existing conditions.
President Donald Trump sparked ire on Tuesday after he spread yet another conspiracy theory, this time about wind farms.
President Donald Trump, however, would have us all eat our “one marshmallow now” with a reckless return to pre-pandemic life. He would risk igniting a second wave of infection, which would entail the needless sacrifice of thousands of more lives and a squandered chance to lay the foundation for a durable post-pandemic economy.
President Trump is culpable in the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of Americans due to the evisceration of environmental protections in addition to the preventable deaths of tens of thousands of other Americans due to Trump’s disastrous response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Proponents of better compensation and labor rights for college athletes have hammered the NCAA on numerous fronts over the last decade, with federal lawsuits, attempts to unionize, legislation in statehouses and Congress, and new leagues that aim to compete for top-tier athletes by paying them more than the NCAA allows.
Proponents of stricter protections for students argue the DOE’s recent rollback of Obama-era rules aimed at protecting students from predatory for-profit colleges will only lead to even more student defaulting on their loans.
Proponents of stricter protections for students argue the DOE’s recent rollback of Obama-era rules aimed at protecting students from predatory for-profit colleges will only lead to even more student failing to pay back their loans.
Pro-Trump fanatics are violently attacking protesters — and Fox News wants them to go further
Public attention is a strange beast. Communities of color have known for endless years that the police can kill them with impunity, and it's not as if people haven't been saying so for decades.
Racist Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said generations of people would not be here without rape and incest while making the case for anti-abortion legislation without exceptions for victims of those crimes.
Radical Virginia Citizens Defense League has organized a rally in Richmond for January 20, and the event is already attracting out-of-state pro-gun folks, including a potential horde of white nationalists.
Rambling Trump flops hard after Limbaugh asks how he will protect people with pre-existing conditions
Rather than help be a part of the solution, Trump is intentionally exacerbating the tensions–not only because he himself is a racist whose politics of authoritarian white grievance align with the same forces driving police violence itself, but because he is desperate and in grave political peril.
Reilly also suggested that Trump’s “grudge” against Puerto Rico correlates with a soured golf course deal on the island, and explained why the sport may be responsible for Trump’s embrace of a wild conspiracy theory about wind turbines causing cancer.
Remarkably, the first three years of Trump’s presidency were relatively smooth sailing outside of self-inflicted crimes and mishaps. His actual approach to life was never fully tested in the Oval Office. Now, with the first real challenge of his presidency, he is utterly adrift.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) has been an avid supporter of the “Green New Deal,” a plan that would take dramatic steps to curb the United States’ contribution to global climate change. 
Rep. Gaetz, known for spreading fake news, conspiracy theories and lies, and supporting the alt-right, announced to the House Judiciary Committee that undocumented immigrants are to blame for gun violence and building President Trump’s wall would reduce the violence.
Rep. Ilhan Omar of Minnesota recently sparked a major controversy when she criticized U.S. support for Israel and used some rhetoric that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was quick to denounce as anti-Semitic.
Reporting from Buzzfeed News Thursday evening exposed how President Donald Trump’s immigration policies led to four deaths and preventable surgeries for children held in the administration’s detention regime, including one eight-year-old boy whose forehead was partially removed.
Reports of Americans misusing bleach and other disinfectants quickly flooded the news, as hospital emergency rooms saw spikes in bleach exposure and other similar poisonings. When confronted with the news of people misusing bleach, Trump refused to take any responsibility.
Republican Rep. Clay Higgins of Louisiana has a long and colorful track record of being a right-wing prick who has a strange preoccupation with World War II, though which side he’s most obsessed with remains debatable.
Republican state legislators from Texas to Arizona, to Wisconsin, where Covid-19 cases are now shooting through the roof, all rode the “reopening” bandwagon for months while pounding their chests on their Facebook pages about their “patriotism,” attending rallies in support of gun-toting Neo-Nazi militias, and bringing frivolous lawsuits to force businesses to reopen. 
Republicans are flooding this red state with cash over panic state may flip on Trump
Republicans are indulging in a nasty gambit — but they won't like the final endgame
Researchers see a growing threat from white supremacists who call themselves “accelerationists” and avow violence to counter democratic governments.
Right-wing media sprung into action to try to discredit her, of course, by implying that a woman who graduated summa cum laude with an economics degree is a bimbo and with  Twitchy using a screenshot to make the usually genial Ocasio-Cortez somehow look like a ballbuster.
Right-wing propagandist Glenn Beck told viewers of his BlazeTV show that Americans who are older should just go back to work and prepare to die: "Even if we all get sick, I would rather die than kill the country."
Rubio began his specific effort to sabotage the law in 2013, a few short years after entering the Senate and before setting out to win the White House. 
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California was among the Democratic senators who questioned Barrett earlier this week, and she zeroed in on Trump's egregious behavior. 
Sen. Ernst’s flippancy shows how little she and other Republicans think of the grannies and grandpas, dads and moms, and working men and women who have broken their backs to pay taxes and provide for their families.
Since January 2017, Trump has volleyed on healthcare often spewing lies about forthcoming release dates for his plan. 
Since taking office in 2017, Trump has worked with his Republican allies in Congress to make the U.S. tax system even friendlier to the wealthy and large corporations while leaving working- and middle-class families in the dust.
Since the coronavirus pandemic began, emboldened pro-life groups have used the public health crisis to try to disrupt access to abortion.
Since the start of the coronavirus outbreak, Trump has hampered efforts to slow the virus’s spread and encouraged Americans’ restlessness under quarantine.
Since then, drip by drip, other parts of the federal government have had their online content trimmed to omit mention of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer people.
Since then, health care has turned out to be a very strong issue for Democrats, who campaigned on the issue aggressively during the 2018 midterms and enjoyed a net gain of 40 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Smith’s announcement Sunday at the all-male, historically black college in Atlanta, Georgia provoked impassioned calls for both making higher education free across the country and canceling student debt.
So conservative activists are turning to their favorite weapons — bad faith and distraction — to advance an agenda of gender inequality.
So, imagine the gall it would take to knock Winfrey for not being charitable enough. That’s what happened when a salty Instagram user slid into the comments under a photo Winfrey posted celebrating the graduates of Colorado College
Some of the local governments choosing to accept refugees voted heavily in favor of Trump in 2016, after an election campaign in which he vowed to clamp down on immigration and the flow of refugees — particularly Muslim refugees.
Some people have expressed concern that full cancellation could reward wealthier—and whiter—people, who are less in need than others. But full cancellation will reduce the racial wealth gap. 
Spencer speculated that the media may be "soulless golem," a reference to magically animated beings from Jewish folklore.
State of emergency: Tensions rise in Virginia as right-wing gun fanatics descend
Such rivals as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell saw overstepping in the name of climate change, a blown campaign rollout to even explain all of its aspirational aspects, and, more generally, a need to slap down an unruly first-year Democratic Socialist.
Sure, some people might prioritize Netflix and pumpkin spice lattes over student loan payments and retirement contributions. But for people like David (not his real name), a 32-year-old living in Harlem, New York, banking fees eat up a good chunk of his income.
Sure, the scripts that Trump’s handlers and yes-people write for him are not heralded for excellence in speechwriting, but there’s nothing like the rambling we hear when the gold-plated Republican is given a chance to freestyle.
Take the case of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma survivor Chris Gonzalez; after being laid off by Goldman Sachs, the federal government gave him some relief by suspending his federal student loan payments. New Jersey, on the other hand, sued him and proceeded to snap up a state tax refund he was counting on.
Team Trump simply decided to consider changes that would have dramatic effects on those who rely on the social-insurance programs.
Tedros and his agency have been on the defensive after President Donald Trump of the United States — the WHO’s biggest single donor — last week ordered a halt to U.S. funding for the agency, alleging that it botched the early response to the outbreak.
Thanks to the GOP’s commitment to voter suppression, paired with decades of phony rhetoric about voter fraud, millions of black and brown Americans have no access to the ballot box.
That meant anyone walking into a branch with a certain level of assets instantly became a target for multiple offers. Customers with lower incomes were less of a priority, increasingly treated as little more than a source of fee harvesting.
That target was sufficient for the Department of Homeland Security to unleash at least 100 unnamed, unmarked customs and immigration agents, who have earned ignominy by snatching people almost at random off the streets to hold them for hours, charge some, and release most – all while ignoring local and state police, the mayor and governor, who asked them to leave.
That the Secret Service takes precautions to protect the president in a time of chaos is, in itself, to be expected. But the contrast between Trump’s chest-thumping and the fact that he was cowering in the basement was objectively funny.  Unsurprisingly, a lot of people made fun of him, and he didn’t like it.
That was because stingy lawmakers, mostly Republicans but some Democrats, refused to enact the full stimulus package former President Barack Obama's economic advisers sought using the same economic principles as I.
That’s because while these problems have been centuries in the making from slavery to Jim Crow to Ferguson and beyond, Donald Trump’s particular failings as a person and a candidate are fanning the flames of the crisis.
That’s led some vaccine foes to join the protesters — whom Trump has encouraged on Twitter — in staging demonstrations in state capitals to “reopen America.”
That’s why a new proposal from a bevy of progressive lawmakers comes as a welcome and innovative addition to the policy arsenal: increasing the corporate tax rate in accordance with the gap between CEO pay and median worker pay.
That's why it's reasonable to be skeptical about the likely success of the current crop of wannabe Trumps. 
The “baby parts” debacle from a few years ago is another example of how the anti-choice movement is not a group sober-minded devout Christians who just love “life,” but in fact a bunch of fanatics who have contempt for the truth and think nothing of spinning wild stories and engaging in implausible thought-experiments in their efforts to smear feminists.
The administration has stonewalled Congress during the impeachment proceedings and other investigations, but the American public overwhelmingly wants the Trump administration to comply with lawmakers.
The Age of Conspiracy Theories in which we are now immured has produced a kind of bastard offspring: the Shared Violent Fantasy
The Age of Conspiracy Theories in which we are now immured has produced a kind of bastard offspring: the Shared Violent Fantasy. 
The anti-vaccination community holds to an unscientific conspiracy theory that childhood vaccinations are toxic and cause numerous illnesses and injuries, including autism, and spreads these beliefs through YouTube, Facebook and other online platforms.
The anti-vaccine crowd frequently falls back on the claim that vaccines cause autism, despite more than two dozen studies clearly showing that vaccination does not increase the incidence of autism. Nor did it make a whit of biological sense that vaccines would.
The battle of Portland is just plain crazy — but what else would you expect in Donald Trump’s dystopian America?
The Black Lives Matter movement, sparked by police murdering Black people, predates Trump’s presidency by several years, but the president personifies the kind of systemic racism the movement has always decried.
The CBPP also points out that the end of Obamacare would result in even wider health and income gaps for people of color, citing an Urban Institute analysis from before the coronavirus pandemic.
The Christian Right, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers are so twisted that they have even turned Dr. Anthony Fauci into one of the objects of their hatred. Fauci, an expert immunologist who is part of Trump’s coronavirus task force, has had to increase his security detail because of death threats from extremists who believe he is exaggerating the threat in order to undermine Trump’s presidency.
The contrast also illustrates the Republican Party's callous indifference to the immediate desperate needs of millions of Americans.
The coronavirus pandemic, enabled and accelerated by Donald Trump, has killed more than 60,000 Americans. 
The curfews, which have never before occurred on an Election Day in recent times, were a response to looting that occurred after generally peaceful protests against police violence and racism. However, the curfews also come in a climate where the Republican Party, led by President Trump, has been repeatedly making false claims that voting by mail is rife with fraud
The death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg may have already doomed Obamacare
The destruction of the middle class is destroying democracies and paving the way for authoritarian rule.
The documents also include allegations about the NRA's search for a personal mansion for LaPierre, whose alleged obsession with "purchasing a lavish home for himself" led Ackerman to pull out of the deal. 
The dynamic exposes two underappreciated realities of Trump’s Iran obsession: Any U.S. war on Iran will ignite war in Iraq, and U.S. credibility is visibly faltering across the region. 
The elites arrogantly attribute Trump’s popularity among his supporters to racism, religious fundamentalism, and ignorance.
The failure to act to ameliorate global warming exposes the myth of human progress and the illusion that we are rational creatures. 
The false messages that they say convinced hundreds of New Yorkers not to vaccinate their children weren’t spread in a Facebook group or on YouTube, but through a glossy magazine written by and for Orthodox Jewish parents.
The fatal shooting of the promising honors student sparked outrage in her hometown and became the symbol of a larger conversation on the scourge of gun violence.
The harshest attack on Trump and military action against civilians was issued in The Atlantic on Wednesday by former Defense Secretary and retired Marine Corps general Jim Mattis. He hailed peaceful protesters for working for a better future.
The leader of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has been groomed by the right-wing, xenophobic and Islamophobic Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) along with its polticial arm, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The liberal class, once again, served as pathetic cheerleaders and censors for a candidate and a political party that in Europe would be considered on the far-right. 
The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 was the latest legislative effort to close the persistently stubborn gap between how much women and men earn.
The man-made Amazon fires are for clearing the land of its forests and indigenous people. The benefits are for Jair Bolsonaro’s cronies, while producing a climate disaster for the world.
The mass protests could put Trumpism to a serious test. The president has urged police to come down hard on protesters, and now there’s an endless highlight reel of cops brutalizing people in the way Black Lives Matter activists have always said they do.
The message from the Bouman backlash is that if you are a woman who becomes the face of a massive scientific breakthrough, sexist internet trolls will spend way too much of their time harassing you and trying to disprove your credibility.
The nation's chief diplomat didn't seem to agree, however. He complained about the line of inquiry and complained about the Obama administration for a while.
The network also hypes the idea that nonwhite immigrants are dirty and diseased, as well as inherently criminal.
The Never Trumper Republicans of The Lincoln Project have mobilized former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis’s scathing broadside against the president in their latest attack on Donald Trump.
The New York Times recently published a fairly detailed fact-check of these Trump World arguments that democrats don’t mind executing babies after birth, and not surprisingly, the rhetoric is irresponsibly wrong.
The note, which was full of anti-Semitic language and lauded white supremacy, named the Christchurch shooter and the man accused of fatally shooting 11 people.
The NRA has long agitated to crush tougher gun control laws in this country but for its officials to be directly engaged in trutherism about school shootings is a new low.
The number of April background checks to purchase a firearm showed Americans flocking to gun stores in high numbers for the second month in a row amid worries about the coronavirus pandemic.
The over-the-top, theatrical lies of the anti-choice movement are so comical that the mainstream media, for decades, has shied away from covering them too closely, likely out of fear that they’re actually too ridiculous to be believed.
The phony indignation of Republican senators who balk at assisting the states, cities and towns financially devastated by the virus is as unearned as their perennial denigration of the poor receiving food stamps -- when they know full well that their farmers receive billions in subsidies to stay in business. 
The photograph of Katie Bouman sitting in front of her computer with the first black hole image instantly made her the face of the project — which is why an informal coterie of sexist trolls kicked off a sexist investigation to invalidate her contributions.
The police lynching of George Floyd provoked widespread denunciation, with even ghouls like Rush Limbaugh and Mitch McConnell condemning the individual officers responsible for the death.
The president and his Republican brethren made all kinds of predictions about what would happen if their tax plan passed, and each of those predictions – from job creation to growth rates to the fiscal impact – turned out to be wrong.
The president has failed miserably at handling the first serious challenges of his presidency: COVID-19 and the racial justice protests, Conway charged. They have not only revealed the incompetence of the “failing, flailing” president, but his inhumanity as well, Conway argued.
The Republican Party and its propaganda news media have decided to ignore reality and fully immerse themselves in TrumpWorld. 
The Republican Party is poised to cement its hold on power in state legislatures and the U.S. House of Representatives after winning nearly every election in which the power to redraw legislative maps was at stake.
The Republican president assumed he was helping the industry at the expense of the environment – a trade-off Trump was happy to make since he rejects climate science anyway. 
The Republican president entered the initial round of talks with the North Korean dictator in Singapore with minimal preparation – Trump went so far as to mock the very idea of doing pre-summit homework – and soon after, he made a series of concessions to Kim Jong-un in exchange for effectively nothing.
The Republican president proceeded to pitch an aggressively anti-immigrant message ahead of Election Day 2018, when voters handed Democrats control of the House.
The right-wing media personality, who claimed the 2012 Sandy Hook massacre was a hoax, was sued by the parent of a young boy slain in the attack.
The rising hysteria among gun nuts has led to Watts being personally inundated on social media with grotesque, misogynist harassment in recent days.
The safe, heavily researched HPV vaccine remains tragically under-used — and anti-vaccine movies and conferences could make it more so if we’re not careful.
The second thing to note is that it's nonetheless a terrifying development that will almost certainly lead to more violence, especially in light of what promises to be a chaotic but close election, where violent tactics and intimidation could affect the outcome.
The spectacular rise of human civilization that took place during the last 10,000 years now appears to be coming to an end with the refusal of our species to significantly curb the carbon emissions and pollutants that might cause human extinction.
The startling, aggressive attacks on peaceful protesters by the National Guard occurred after a “pointed threat” from the Pentagon that if the Guard couldn’t handle the situation, active-duty military units would be sent to deal with civilians, the Times reported.
The targeted killing is the latest demonstration of how, two decades after the CIA spotted but was unable to kill a man they believed was al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan, the U.S. has become adept at hunting and killing its enemies, particularly in the troubled regions of the Middle East, South Asia and Africa.
The Treasury Department has, quite flagrantly, violated a law that requires it to turn over any individual's tax returns to the House Ways and Means Committee upon request. 
The Trump administration and Congressional Republicans continue to seek cuts in food stamps and health care for children, as DCReport keeps advising readers.
The Trump administration has repeatedly said there is an ongoing “crisis” at the southern border and sought to deter migrants, many of whom were Central American families, from making the journey.
The Trump Administration hasn’t built a single foot of border fencing after thirty months of riling up its supporters with claims that the wall was vital to national security.
The U.S.-Saudi war in Yemen, the bloody war that Trump continued, over the bipartisan congressional objections, has generated the world’s worst humanitarian crisis, and it is farther than ever from success.
The United States is a failed democracy and a mafia state, the natural result of what happens when capitalism is deregulated.
The utter failure of private capitalism to prepare for the coronavirus should have surprised no one. Private capitalism, as business school graduates repeat, focuses on profit. The “profit incentive,” they learn, makes private capitalism the superior, “most efficient” economic system available.
The war against President Trump’s “invisible enemy” spasms on and we’re regularly reminded that healthcare workers, dangerously ill-equipped, must beg for personal protective equipment. 
The white supremacists and other far right extremists are super-gun-owners, they are armed to the teeth, and law enforcement is understandably reluctant to get them het up.
The whiteness of the protests alongside the stark racial disparities in COVID-19 mortality underscores that the desire to reopen businesses is rooted in white supremacy. As if it weren’t already clear, in Michigan where the nation’s most prominent protest took place, armed white men demanded an end to the lockdown while carrying Confederate flags, swastikas, and nooses.
The whole endeavor, born of desperation, became an embarrassing fiasco for the president, but there was an underlying point of real significance: Trump and his allies realized that the American mainstream didn’t see the value of the regressive GOP tax plan, which disproportionately benefited the wealthy and big corporations.
The gun lobby has repeatedly claimed that using a gun in self-defense is a common event, often going so far as to allege that Americans defend themselves with guns millions of times a year.
Their own ideology of selfishness may someday end up punishing them and their constituents -- especially if the folks in the blue states decide they no longer want to be played for chumps.
Then along came an unmasked superhero to the rescue. President Trump announced he was personally taking charge and would sign several executive orders to save the unemployed and rescue the economy.
Then, at the behest of Republicans, 40% of the Obama stimulus was foolishly wasted on business tax cuts. 
There is no way to fling the footage into the Trash folder, or to edit the crap out of it until it sends the “right” message. Trump’s continued demands that the world act like a reality-show producer who can keep giving him mulligans only reaffirms that he is, above all things, a narcissistic moron.
There was a point a few years ago at which some GOP officials, fearing a backlash in response to the “war on women,” pretended to be pro-choice and used highly deceptive rhetoric about contraception as a way to improve their electoral prospects.
There were many reasons that Trump defeated Clinton in 2016, and sexism was surely among them. 
There's a dollop of cream on top of the shit sandwich that is the Trump-backed lawsuit in front of the Supreme Court to overturn the Affordable Care Act (ACA). 
There's been a buffoonish quality to Ammon Bundy's brand of far-right "constitutionalist" politics over the past six months, primarily organized in a typically paranoid response to COVID-19-related public-health measures: Protesting at the home of a police officer who had arrested an anti-vaccination fanatic for violating the closure of a playground.
These plans were never hidden. Indeed, they were clumsily obvious. Since the 1970s, predatory gangster capitalism has been accepted as either "normal" or "inevitable" in the United States (as well as the United Kingdom and elsewhere). 
They gobble down internet conspiracy theories like QAnon, which creates engagement with right-wing politics for those who aren't religious conservatives or business elites. 
They see the pandemic as societal breakdown and therefore an opportunity to get out their guns and finally shoot all those liberals that they have wanted to kill for a very long time.
This dark new event revealed that America’s white nationalism problem goes far beyond Trump
This group is small but vocal, and represents a predictable if threatening merging of forces.
This is a positive for the party’s electoral prospects, after a bitterly fragmented primary. Unfortunately, the people selected for the task forces demonstrate how not only the party establishment, but even an insurgent progressive like Sanders, privilege certain topics over others. The criminal justice reform task force is incredibly milquetoast.
This is all great news. It now looks like we have a safe, highly effective vaccine that has the potential to significantly reduce many forms of cancer. So why is it also becoming a key target of many anti-vaxxers?
This is also true for students snookered into matriculating at sketchy for-profit colleges, which offer almost no marketable skills or career preparedness to justify the cost. And it further describes recent college graduates who, through an accident of timing, entered the real world during the Great Recession and its aftermath, finding it difficult to obtain work in their field of study.
This is another example of Trump’s false dichotomy between saving the economy and fighting the virus. After all, the economy isn’t going to recover if millions are sick and people are afraid to leave their houses — and early evidence from the states that have tried to “reopen” their economies makes that clear.
This is typical Trumpian projection, of course. He's always accusing his opponents of doing the thing that he's actually doing, to the point where any Trump accusation should be presumed to be a confession.
This is why Donald Trump is awake at 2:30 a.m., rage-tweeting. When he sleeps, he dreams, and his dreams are nightmares. He’s a frightened, desperate man. Every day, he turns on his television, and the death count from the COVID-19 virus keeps going up. 
This kind of over-the-top misogyny is, not surprisingly, being accompanied by an absolute barrage of violent fantasies from the gun lovers who plan to descend on Richmond on Monday.
This makes sense only if you believe the White House statement that our "strongman" wannabe dictator “is not worried at all” that he might catch the virus.
This redefinition of aggression has been going on for decades on the American right, fueled in large part by the NRA and the gun industry. 
This unholy, unscientific alliance of right-wingers, COVID-19 truthers and anti-vaxxers became very clear recently following the viral spread of an anti-COVID-19 propaganda movie called “Plandemic,” featuring disgraced scientist-turned-anti-vaxxer ...
This year Trump brazenly said he is stopping or limiting enforcement of the laws designed to protect consumers from companies that sell you and your children hazardous products, pollute your air and water, defraud you in the marketplace, and fail to recall your defective cars/trucks.
This, of course, was before the president ignored his national security team, withdrew U.S. forces from northern Syria, and effectively invited Turkey to launch a brutal offensive against our Kurdish allies.
Though  Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was by no means the first to describe migrant detention centres as concentration camps — disgraced Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio boasted his “tent city” in the Sonora Desert was just that — her comments ignited a firestorm of controversy.
Though conservatives try to demonize Ocasio-Cortez an Omar, their actual policy views are perfectly mainstream.  The New York lawmaker proposed a 70 percent tax on top incomes — a view backed by public opinion and many well-respected economists.
Though it was Major League Baseball that he mentioned — “We have to get our sports back. I’m tired of watching baseball games that are 14 years old” — the sport that truly matters to him is football, the only major mass entertainment (other than Trumpism) that endorses tribalism and toxic masculinity so flagrantly and keeps violence in vogue.
Though the lone vice presidential debate was far more civil than the mind-melting presidential debate last week, it was not much different in substance. 
Though Trump has not been as outspoken on vaccines as president as he was in the past, he has repeatedly falsely suggested that vaccines cause autism. 
Thousands of pro-gun fanatics are expected to descend on the Virginia state capital on Martin Luther King Day, and, until Northam's declaration of a state of emergency, clearly had expected to brandish weapons and look as menacing as possible to lawmakers who want to reform the state's gun laws.
Threre are some concerns about whether some of the goals set by the Green New Deal are realistic, but to argue that the blueprint is genocidal is hopelessly bonkers.
Throughout his nearly four years as president, Donald Trump has made a plethora of promises that he failed to keep.
Throughout his presidency, Trump has shown a penchant for quick fixes and slapdash policies aimed at satisfying the short-term appetites of his base, no matter how much it hurts the country’s long-term welfare.
Throughout the anti-racism protests that have rocked the United States since the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis on May 25, President Donald Trump and his obedient sycophants at Fox News have engaged in nonstop fear-mongering over the Antifa movement.
To bolster the argument that doctors deliver viable infants alive and let them die, the anti-choice movement also trots out a series of people who claim to have “survived” abortion. 
To show how absurd Trump’s claim of absolute immunity from investigation is the Republicans cite Jeremy Bentham, the 18th and 19th Century British economist and legal reformer:
To the extent it even comes up, it's entirely Trump bragging about anything that's gone right and blaming others for everything that's gone wrong. 
To TrumpWorld, Portland and other Democratic-led big cities (which of course is virtually all of them) are hives of scum and villainy, overrun by criminals and "rioters," which must be conquered by Trump's enforcers and armed vigilante supporters.
Today, the cumulative stress of Donald Trump’s escalating trade war is leading to if not an irreparable breach between America and China, then certainly a significant fraying.
Trump — who has been criticized for painting an overly rosy picture of the outbreak, often contradicting his own health officials ...
Trump again drew a misleading comparison between the coronavirus and the seasonal flu, telling his supporters that "35,000 on average each year die from the flu, that's a lot of people."
Trump also threatened to invoke the Insurrection Act, an 1807 law that would allow the president to send U.S. armed forces into states for the purpose of domestic law enforcement, if mayors and governors didn’t do more to curb the unrest.
Trump and Giuliani are vulgar and buffoonish, but they play the same slimy game as their Democratic opponents.
Trump and his attorneys have been aggressively fighting the office of Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance, claiming that because the president enjoys “absolute immunity,” he is under no obligation to share his financial records with Vance and other prosecutors.
Trump and the GOP are desperately launching a war on American cities
Trump and the petty politics of revenge: 'If the president doesn't act, people will die'
Trump attacking wind power is nothing new.
Trump audaciously claims that any crimes he may have committed crimes before assuming office cannot even be investigated, not even if he committed murder, in effect trying to extend the protections of bankruptcy law with which he is so familiar to criminal law. No statute, court decision or our Constitution supports this claim of being above the law.
Trump could sit on live TV, peeing his pants and whimpering that the protesters are coming for him, and his base would stick by him and claim to see courage in the urine puddles below his chair, just so long as he keeps the racism and the lib-triggering coming. They know he’s a “Bunker Boy,” but will pretend they don’t see it until the bitter end.
Trump enjoys and encourages state brutality against people of color, and black people in particular. It excites him and his most ardent followers. But his response isn’t just based on personal predilections. It’s also based on political considerations.
Trump had been responding to a question about his health care policy. Since he knows almost nothing about health care policy and cares even less, he launched into a meaningless and obfuscatory rant about how his administration will supposedly protect pre-existing conditions.
Trump has also in his years in the White House frequently praised the use of violence. He told police officers in 2017 that they shouldn’t worry about hitting suspects’ heads as they place them in patrol cars. And on a conference call with governors on Monday, he berated them for not “dominating” the streets of their cities.
Trump has been able to maintain 40% approval ratings by effectively manipulating the lizard brains of white Republicans, but even before COVID-19 hit, he was considered one of the worst presidents in the two surveys of scholars done in 2018.
Trump has kept it up ever since, instructing federal police to tear-gas peaceful protesters outside the White House on Monday evening to clear the area for his ludicrous photo-op holding a Bible in front of St. John’s Episcopal Church in Lafayette Square, a stunt that outraged the bishop who oversees that church.
Trump has made "law and order"—replete with thinly-veiled racist appeals to white voters—a pillar of his re-election bid. 
Trump has shown at best a hazy grasp of his actual powers during his presidency and instead has made broad statements about his authority under the Constitution.
Trump is “angry” that intelligence officials informed Sanders and other members of Congress about some of Russia’s meddling efforts in the 2020 election cycle, Biden said, adding that the administration must do more to secure the integrity of our elections.
Trump is still sabotaging Obamacare — as COVID-19 looms over the uninsured
Trump likes to tell this story with vivid and completely made-up details about swaddling a baby in blankets before murdering it. The Senate held hearings in which anti-choice activist Jill Stanek — a crazed, racist liar who also claims Chinese people think aborted fetuses are a “delicacy” — claimed, almost certainly falsely, that she once witnessed a baby being killed this way. 
Trump may not be much of a stable genius, but he doesn't need to be the brightest bulb on the KKK Christmas tree to be a racist troll.
Trump officials took to the Sunday shows today to, as usual, defend themselves and their incompetent leader from the latest scandals and demonstrations of incompetence.
Trump proceeded to ignore multiple other attempts made over subsequent weeks by his advisers and Republican allies to get him to take the pandemic seriously. Instead he dismissed their warnings as “alarmist” and would go on to hold a number of rallies (seven) and golfing outings (three) between learning of Obama’s pandemic playbook and ultimately declaring a national emergency.
Trump speaks to the great American crackpot, especially the younger set that was otherwise more interested in perusing conspiracy theory websites or "pick-up artist" forums than in voting.
Trump supporters obviously don’t want to admit this. If you turn on Fox News, read Breitbart and The Daily Wire or browse through the cesspools of YouTube or Reddit, you’ll find plenty of people who spin or defend Trump’s bungling.
Trump used to say that Mexico will pay for the wall, but since that is impossible, he has endorsed the bizarre claim that the wall will pay for itself.
Trump was a major factor in the early rumblings of white nationalism on the network, which gave him considerable airtime during his reality TV days to air conspiracy theories about Barack Obama’s birth certificate.
Trump was caught on tape during the visit apparently telling his wife to “smile” (she briefly complied, but then spent the rest of the visit looking like a hostage) and then generating images that are terrifying, but not for the reasons the president may have hoped.
Trump White House unleashes a dangerous virus of misinformation
Trump wore no face mask nor any other protective gear, which is typical for him, despite recommendations to the contrary by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He stopped to talk to employees — who were wearing white lab coats, masks, gloves, goggles, hair coverings and plastic booties — while they were working with the sterile swabs.
Trump is publicly bragging about committing crimes against the Constitution and the American people.
Trump, not surprisingly, used the speech as an opportunity to attack former President Barack Obama, claiming that he did nothing to promote criminal justice reform when he was in office. 
Trump, of course, is his most stunning when he’s off-book, and not in the “my eldest daughter is stunning” kind of way.
Trump, who actually was his school’s team captain, has long claimed that he was the best athlete there, a boast rarely challenged because coaches and classmates tended to praise him once it became in their best interests to do so.
Trump, who opted against giving a Super Bowl pregame interview last year, made several eyebrow-raising remarks during his interview with host Margaret Brennan, touching on topics including his plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria and whether he would let his 12-year-old son play football.
Trump’s crude but mind-bogglingly effective myth-making is forcing people like me, who considered the society of the late 1960s frightening and maniacally riven enough, to reckon more darkly now with what destroys or regenerates a republic. 
Trump’s evangelical cabal are behind Republican attacks on women’s reproductive rights.
Trump’s profound megalomania, impulsiveness, and defective character is what got us where we are today. If we are to have any shot at a real recovery, he needs to go.
Trump’s tax cut proposal came just days after his ridiculous assertions that when America had only 15 confirmed coronavirus cases the umber would quickly fall and with warmer weather the pathogen would lose its deadly power.
Trump's 'American Führer' fantasy: Yale psychiatrist says the president's 'displays of false strength' foreshadow plan to question election results
Trump's payroll tax ploy ploy endangers Social Security — and it will have to be paid back next year
Trump's right-wing propaganda media have provided cover for his malfeasance. As such, they have made the crisis worse by circulating lies and disinformation to their gullible, ignorant audience. 
TrumpWorld also reflects the horrible surrealism of the film and novel "Children of Men" turned into a lived experience for America and the world. 
Trying to bar women from abortion is bad enough in regular times, but it seemed even more sadistic during a pandemic and an economic crash, when financial and health concerns weigh more heavily than ever on women deciding whether or not continue pregnancies.
Two years after the Trump administration made the state-sanctioned kidnapping of children at the border official U.S. policy, the horrors around this crime against humanity continue to be exposed.
U.S. Park Police walked back its claim on Friday that no "tear gas" was used to clear protesters in front of the White House before President Donald Trump crossed the street for his ill-fated photo-op on Monday.
U.S. Rep. Steve King, under fire for defending white nationalism and white supremacism is now endorsing President Trump’s desire to declare a national emergency to build his wall.
Unbelievably, with all they had seen their child suffer, his parents not only refused the doctor’s suggestion that he receive another DTaP vaccination they also declined all the other scheduled vaccinations the boy had missed.
Unfortunately for you non-Texans, Gov. Abbott's extreme gooberness is now surging across our borders to afflict people in your state.
Using the coronavirus as his excuse, Donald Trump is working to give the highest-paid American workers a valuable tax break, while tossing crumbs to the middle class and the working poor.
Vice President Mike Pence repeatedly made false claims about the Trump administration's coronavirus response as he dodged, interrupted and obfuscated through the vice presidential debate on Wednesday.
Violence against women has plagued Mexico for years and the many killings of women drew international attention when they spiked in the 1990s, about the time of the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement and of an increase in Juarez of manufacturing plants known as maquiladoras.
Voting in quasi-militarized settings was not confined to the nation’s capital. In Philadelphia, on election eve, the mayor announced a curfew that was slated to take effect an hour before its polls closed, but subsequently delayed it after an outcry by other city officials and activists. 
Way back in 2012, then-Gov. Rick Scott made headlines with a weird new policy: Any claim for unemployment could no longer be done by phone or in person—it had to be filed online using his new website. 
We have to hear stump speeches and debate exchanges that relate to the rapidly deteriorating facts on the ground in this country — and not get hung up on the histrionics of how we got here.
We must be wary of allowing those wielding the toxic charge of racism, no matter how well intentioned their motives, to decide who has a voice and who does not. 
We should expect growing support for this item for a few reasons: Younger voters of all political stripes are being exposed to the status quo student loan system. Younger voters are also less likely to accept the toxic brand of “conservatism.” 
Welcome to 'Crazytown': An unprecedented frenzy in Georgia shows how democracy breaks down
Whatever the specifics of what Donald Trump’s diagnosis may be, from the moment protesters started to hit the streets to denounce police brutality, one thing was certain: The president’s brainworms would direct his energies away from doing anything useful and toward the task of managing his ego, relying on the reality TV tricks he mistakes for the real work of presidenting.
When a figurehead like Trump repeats the myth that vaccines cause autism, as he did during the presidential debates, many parents may choose not to vaccinate, putting children at unnecessary risk.
When did vaccines become politicized? Amid a measles outbreak, suddenly Republicans support anti-vaxxers.
When far-right white evangelicals, white nationalists and coronavirus truthers rail against social distancing and encourage large gatherings, they are encouraging suicidal behavior. And there have been many examples.
When greed and power are exercised by giant multinational corporations that escape the discipline of the nation-state, the potential for evil becomes infinite in nature.
When he finally spoke in the Rose Garden on Monday, Trump threatened to deploy the military against American citizens if the governors didn’t take his advice for a more forceful crackdown. This threat didn’t appear to cow anyone, and only increased the anger. 
When it comes to the Green New Deal blueprint to address the climate crisis, Republicans generally like to pretend it calls for the elimination of hamburgers.
When the Muslim ban was first enacted, it triggered chaos at airports and prompted widespread protest and legal challenges, and it continues to impose devastating costs on families and people who wish to come to the U.S.
When the nation's highest civilian honor went to a right-wing media personality, it served as an oddly appropriate capstone to Trump's broader goals.
When two sadists in uniform shoved an elderly man to the ground for the crime of approaching them, causing him a critical head injury, their fellow cops made no attempt to help the victim. 
Whether you find Trump’s buffoonery utterly disgraceful or a sign of authenticity may mark our central political divide today.
Which is why Republicans like McConnell complaining about federal entitlements is so laughable. 
While a number of transgender advocates and LGBTQ health experts applauded P&G’s decision to redesign the Always packaging by removing the female signs, the company’s announcement sparked criticism online, including a bounty of transphobic commentary.
While Americans still cling to sexist gender roles at home, overwhelming majorities believe that sex discrimination in public spaces should be illegal.
While many women, and the men who love them, are well aware that, spurred on by the Vatican, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) and the so-called personhood movement, Republicans are working feverishly to eradicate women’s reproductive rights.
While Pence and the president have tried to paint a rosier picture of the virus and project a return to normalcy, some members of the task force are eager to resume appearances from White House grounds
While President Donald Trump’s impeachment trial had been wrapping up, he expanded one of his most controversial and inflammatory policies with little fanfare and minimal opposition: the travel ban on people from multiple Muslim-majority countries.
While the workaday majority of Americans continue to be mired in our low-wage economy, the precious few at the tippy top soared out of sight in 2019.
While Trump has stopped short of invoking the 1807 act to use the military to enforce laws domestically, he’s kept the option open, fomenting further unrest and division. Rather than staging photo opportunities while awkwardly holding a Bible in Lafayette Square, Trump would have issued a formal proclamation calling on the insurgents to disperse if he’s serious about the application of the Insurrection Act.
While, in the wake of the El Paso murders, the media and most of our politicians are acting shocked that there are armed racists in America who are trying to terrify people of color, the reality is that it’s pretty much always been that way here in the United States.
While, in the wake of the El Paso murders, the media and most of our politicians are acting shocked—“shocked, I tell you!”—that there are armed racists in America who are trying to terrify people of color, the reality is that it’s pretty much always been that way here in the United States.
White mobs have once again moved out of the shadows and into the limelight during this Trump moment.
White nationalism-fueled violence is on the rise, but FBI is slow to call it domestic terrorism.
White supremacist violent extremists can generally be characterized by hatred for immigrants and ethnic minorities, often combining these prejudices with virulent anti-Semitism or anti-Muslim views, the DHS report states.
Why did Trump offer up this cards? That's because his vaunted skills in making the deal absolutely failed to budge the prices from pharmaceutical companies and a deal that had been in the works for months absolutely collapsed. 
With it’s bothsidesism and pro-Trump onesiderism, the New York Times is flailing
With our climate-impacted world now highly prone to fires, extreme storms and sea-level rise, nuclear energy is touted as a possible replacement for the burning of fossil fuels for energy – the leading cause of climate change.
With this in mind, the Trump administration reportedly hopes to reduce poverty in the United States, not by making a material difference in struggling families’ finances, but by tinkering with the threshold for what counts as poverty.
Witness, for instance, the wacky nonsense New York mayor and current Trump flunky Rudy Giuliani addressed to Salon's Roger Sollenberger during a text interview this week. 
Women’s rights advocates were relieved late Monday when Senate Democrats blocked an extreme anti-choice bill from advancing to a floor debate—but were soon outraged by President Donald Trump’s lies about abortion care, as well as the corporate media for enabling his blatantly false characterization of the bill to stand.
Yes Trump and the right are embracing and celebrating death. It is ghoulish. It is also one more illustration that the Age of Trump is an American dystopia where what was previously unimaginable (for most decent people) has become "normal."
Yet no one denies that older nuclear plants, with an aged infrastructure often surpassing expected lifetimes, are extremely inefficient and run a higher risk of disaster.
Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so corrupt they have gone to jail, mainstream scientists still accept their research.
Yet the Trump family and his allies are evidently using this national emergency to enrich themselves.
