Looking around the United States, there is never enough welfare for the left to stop killing developing humans in utero—solidly Democratic states lead the nation in abortion rates. 
The explosion of the Hispanic population has long-term job prospect consequences as well: Both legal and illegal aliens will occupy 75 percent of new American jobs in as little as five years.
More than 100 gang members from El Salvador are among the massive wave of migrants that's poured across the border in recent months, with nearly 400 illegal immigrants nabbed trying to cross en masse last week and a group of more than 100 caught scaling a wall Monday, beleaguered border officials said.
Gadsby's work is a testament to how eagerly the arbiters of our culture will devour and elevate work that convincingly purports to be progressive.
That’s why white nationalists, who are enthusiasts for the abortion of black and brown people, despise pro-lifers, as anyone reporting in good faith should know.
Young women taking part in high school and college athletics across the country have had their dreams of winning dashed by the movement to allow biological male who “identify” as female to compete against them.
Abortionists, who prey on desperate people, should no longer receive your hard-earned tax dollars.
Kendrick, who, like many Planned Parenthood supporters, blames men for pro-life legislation while she ignores mention of the life of unborn babies, also drafted a “testicular bill of rights.
Abortion propaganda was always meant to obscure the reality of abortion, not justify it.
UFC Middleweight Champion Israel Adesanya’s comment that his opponent will "crumble like the Twin Towers", in addition to being terrible and inappropriate, also makes no sense. 
Donald Trump has taken heat for mostly refusing to mask up while performing his duties. This left the Biden camp with a choice to make when Joe woke up from political hibernation, and they went all in.
Omar believes USA Powerlifting is discriminating against males who identify as transgender women, based on the “myth” that they have a “direct competitive advantage” over biological females.
Christians should make clear that the perpetuation of objectionable vaccines and the lack of alternatives is a kind of coercion.
In July 2019, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., and other Democrats visited a similar processing center in Clint, Texas, and made explosive allegations about the conditions there.
As Breitbart News most recently reported, blue-collar Americans in landscaping, conservation work, the meatpacking industry, construction industry, and fishing jobs have had their wages dragged down by foreign workers imported through the H-2B visa program.
In August, Planned Parenthood made the decision to opt out of the federal family planning grant program, portraying itself as a victim of the Trump administration.
State health departments and legislators who sneer at parental concerns and call for vaccination mandates erode parents’ trust.
Cuban slave doctors that have escaped the system have said that, while working abroad, the Castro regime forced them to invent patients and throw away perfectly good medicine to boost the statistics on the number of patients Cuban doctors actually treat.
British Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies also slammed the concept of transgender athletes.
Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) introduced two bills on Tuesday to target the “monopolies” higher education institutions have created to make earning degrees involve accumulating massive student debt.
As part of his plan to protect the commonwealth of Virginia from the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus, Gov. Ralph Northam determined that citizens should not be allowed to attend church or worship services, but are fine travel to an abortion clinic and undergo an elective procedure like surgical abortion.
Countless American believers in the Bible, myself included, were inspired tremendously on Monday when President Trump stood in front of St. John’s Episcopal Church, across the street from the White House, and held up the Word of God for all to see.
Shelby Steele, a senior fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution said Friday that the contemporary civil rights movement under the banner of “Black Lives Matter” was deeply unserious, catering to an old form of victimization that has accomplished nothing to lift up black people.
Having a baby is hard, caring for a baby is hard, going back to work after a leave is hard but a few weeks of salary is not worth killing your baby for.
After that phone call, police asked the couple to come in for questioning, prompting them to flee Saudi Arabia, a country long known for draconian laws against homosexuality.
Drivers in Ireland will be forced to buy electric vehicles within ten years according to a new law by the left-wing government in Dublin.
Franciscan friar Father Daniel Horan, a pro-LGBT priest and professor who will be speaking at the upcoming Los Angeles Religious Education Congress, took to Twitter this weekend to bash the March for Life and condemn without trial a group of white Catholic high school boys as “racists” for supposedly “taunting” a Native American man beating a drum.
Given these bleak prospects, students who go to college to “find themselves” are likely to waste precious time and money because they lack a clear vision. 
The Times’ about-face was just one example of a little Orwellian campaign that’s sprung up in the liberal media since the Disneyland measles outbreak to try to rewrite history by shoehorning vaccine opposition into the shopworn trope that it is conservatives who are “anti-science.”
No amount of denial from pro-choicers can change the fact that many post-abortive mothers carry the grief of a severed parent-child bond with them.
Former ESPN personality Jemele Hill attacked the NFL for its lack of black coaches, and blasted the Rooney Rule as an insufficient solution to the problem.
A leader of a movement that urges women to brag about having an abortion promoted the procedure to children in a video from Cut’s HiHo on the YouTube channel.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) on Monday waxed hyperbolic about the 2020 presidential election, telling an audience that “civilization as we know it is at stake.”
However, China’s record of successfully producing vaccines in recent years has been so abysmal that communist state media openly admit that they prefer using international manufacturers.
While these many similarities between Green New Deal and the constitution ushered in by Venezuelan leftist dictator Hugo Chavez in 1999 may be just happenstance, the important thing to remember is that Venezuela under its new constitution has become a disaster zone.
The government wants to usurp parents, any chance they get. What consequences does this have in the lives of American families?
Pelosi’s coronavirus plan uses the pandemic to cram provisions of the House Democrats’ H.R. 1 legislation into federal law. That legislation went even further in its efforts to create loopholes for voter fraud, allowing convicted felons to vote in federal elections.
Greenpeace co-founder and former president of Greenpeace Canada Patrick Moore explained to Breitbart News how Greenpeace’s original spirit of celebrating humanity was usurped by an anti-human Malthusian vision.
After years of openly struggling with her weight (and health) and a seemingly self-imposed sabbatical from political lectures after backing Hillary Clinton in ’16, actress Lena Dunham announced to the world that it was Joaquin Phoenix’s unhinged Oscars tirade on the environment that has made her want to become vegan.
A lawsuit percolating through the courts attempts to weigh the religious liberty of Orthodox Jews with a dire and compelling public health interest.
As part of Pelosi’s coronavirus plan, House Democrats slipped in multiple measures from their H.R. 1 legislation that would implement nationwide ballot harvesting for federal elections — effectively allowing political operatives to collect and deliver an endless number of absentee ballots from voters.
High unemployment numbers among foreign-born nationals have been an issue that has plagued Sweden for years, with reports often showing the migrant unemployment rate as being several times higher than that of native Swedes.
Rather than reducing federal subsidies to universities and placing the leftist institutions at the mercy of the free market, Obama wants to increase the amount students can borrow with interest from the government.
Now, with Democrats in control of the House of Representatives after the midterm elections, and with states like New York and Virginia among others pushing boundaries on abortion to extremes, the Republicans in Congress is rolling out a long-term push to force the Democrats to hold a vote on the bill.
Semenya, a two-time Olympic champion in the 800 meters, will now be forced to medicate to suppress her testosterone levels if she wants to defend her world title in September in Doha, Qatar.
Despite the image portrayed of popular culture in the media, of those Millennials surveyed, only seven percent supported abortion without any exceptions and funded by taxpayer dollars — the position embraced by the Democrat Party.
Top Democrats running for president in 2020 have jumped on and endorsed Democratic Socialist Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s radical Green New Deal that aims, among other things, to eliminate air travel.
As shown below, women are harmed by Planned Parenthood, and the vulnerable––such as sex abuse victims and the unborn––are sacrificed for profit and political advance.
The cost of college tuition is increasing at the same time the federal government is originating and managing 93 percent of all student loans and has launched a liberal student loan forgiveness program – all of which means the burden of increasing amounts of student debt has been taken up by taxpayers at the same time average college students are spending less time with their studies.
An illegal alien has been charged with enticing a 13-year-old girl through social media and raping her in Madison County, Alabama.
In October, Breitbart London reported that French police are allegedly actively assisting migrants to avoid detection by UK Border Force, telling them when and when not to attempt to cross the channel, according to a people smuggler.
The New York State legislature has put in place one of the most radical abortion laws in the United States following a vote in both chambers on Tuesday. The law is meant to put forth the “fundamental right” to abortion and end protections from babies in the womb up to birth.
Thus far in the 2020 presidential campaign, Biden has flippantly downplayed the threat from China, only to quickly walk back his comments when he faced backlash.
Anti-vaxxers represent only about 2 percent of American families, although you’d be forgiven for thinking they’re more numerous. They certainly make a lot of noise and have some world-famous adherents. However, like malaria-carrying mosquitoes, this tiny group that punches above its weight may be on the verge of creating a public health problem for us all.
Tellingly, when not constrained by the debate format, these same politicians push the same narrative to garner support for bailing out student loans, all while the media provides the Democrats a free assist.
Now that most of America has begun opening back up without the predicted spikes in coronavirus and Joe Biden has left his basement bunker, Americans are remembering that there’s an election going on. As normalcy quickly returns some places, so to has the battle for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Obama’s claim that “history” was on his side is arguably false. The massive, historically unprecedented wave of immigrants crashing across the U.S. southern border is a political phenomenon, set in motion by the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act and accelerated by the Obama administration’s disastrous Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA).
Oh for crying out loud. The desperation. Imagine if you got your news only from the New York Times, and how bigoted that would make you against non-liberals.
USA Today Sports published a broadside against youth tackle football, claiming that the sport is just too dangerous for children.
 Gautney consented to this field, job, and city, so if she has an issue with compensation or cost of living, switching to a more lucrative field or cheaper place to live is a decision she should make for herself, not a decision that ought to be bailed out by unsuspecting taxpayers who played no role in the choice. 
For about five years, between 2006 and 2011, HuffPo was a hotbed bed of anti-vaccine conspiracy theorizing.
The case made by Geoffrey Skelley and Nathaniel Rakich was simple: Supposedly Americans strongly prefer Biden and Democrats over Trump and Republicans, and they are particularly upset with Trump and other Republicans’ attempts to reopen the country as the global Coronavirus pandemic rages.
In his failed bid for the Democrat nomination for 2020, Beto O’Rourke said churches that oppose same-sex marriage should lose their tax-exempt status.  In other words, toe the non-Biblical party line or else!
Michael Mann, arguably the world’s no. 1 climate alarmist, goes on to make proclamations that only a publication as ideologically compromised as the Guardian would think to publish.
It’s also why attempts to portray pro-lifers as racists smack of disingenuousness.
Last year, XFL Commissioner Oliver Luck noted that the XFL reached out to Kaepernick, but the former NFL player demanded absurdly high $20 million a season salary.
This argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state is also an extension of the dishonest taunt that conservative Christians only care about babies before they’re born.
Curiously, both Kelly and Yen seem unaware of the influx of undocumented immigrants pouring into this country daily from countries with very low vaccination rates...
They will not do that by making the Department of Justice even less accountable to elected officials, as Democrats are demanding. They will do it by slashing and burning the bureaucracy and its powers. Government by and for the people will perish from the earth if unelected officials are capable of weaponizing government against the people’s elected representatives.
Like the costly and controversial Green New Deal, which Booker co-sponsored in the form of a Senate resolution, Booker’s plan aims to address both climate change and economic inequality.
 Trade jobs such as electricians or carpenters are in demand and provide steady salaries. Policymakers shouldn’t deter students who know a good job when they see it.
Since 2016, Democrats have thrown sand, wrenches, and donkey poo into every gear of government to overturn the results of a free and fair election played by rules.
Here are three obvious but important ways the media demonstrated a disgusting partisan slant instead of good journalism.
A shocking new study says that the ice in the Arctic Ocean will disappear by 2050, which could have "substantial" implications on the ecosystem and the climate in the region.
Letters from GOP members of Congress and national pro-life leaders to the White House and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last week asserted Democrats are attempting to exploit the coronavirus pandemic for the purpose of advancing their party’s pro-abortion agenda.
The Guardian, insisting that the climate emergency is “the defining issue of our times,” has amped up its climate agitation by suggesting that Australian wildfires is the new normal.

It obviously works extremely well for Democrats, a large faction and the leadership of which appears to be as impervious to facts as anti-vaxxers and QAnon followers.
Left-wing Christians declare that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary, and the only way to do that is by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state.
The devil is in the details, however, since—while some charter schools are effective in achieving student success—others have been examples of cronyism and corruption as a result of arrangements between politicians and private businesses.
Student debt increased by a whopping 107 percent between 2009 and 2019. Americans now owe $1.6 trillion in education loans. Policy wonks and politicians respond by concocting flashy plans that hardly solve the debt crisis.
Social media users were quick to point out the interactions and slammed McGuire for appearing to undermine Coyne Schofield’s hockey skills.
Not content to recede gracefully, or even to steer clear of various conspiracies on par with fluoride and gay frogs, Miss Havisham is still at it. This time, she’s got a righteous burn for President Trump, imagining how John F. Kennedy would have sounded had he written a letter to former Soviet leader Nikita Kruschev along the lines of Trump’s recent letter to Turkish President Recep Erdogan.
While President Trump visited the southern border Thursday, Democratic darling Beto O’Rourke visited the dentist — posting a bizarre video showing him getting a mouth-wide-open cleaning in order to highlight the story of his dental hygienist’s upbringing in El Paso.
It’s not taxpayers’ fault that someone spent a lot of money she doesn’t have without a clear vision for how that degree could improve her later financial prospects.
President Donald Trump used the occasion to again voice skepticism about climate change.
The fear was well-deserved, since Trump has also made a number of dangerous comments about vaccines, linking immunizations to cases of autism and suggesting we need different vaccination schedules for small children…
 While conservatives may find comfort in the old saw that those who aren’t liberal at 20 have no heart, and those who aren’t conservative at 40 have no brain, the truth, as Levin knows, is that those who are statists at 20 usually end up statists at 40. And he’s not content to allow time to take its uncertain political toll. 
For example, business leaders say the nation’s enormous population of immigrants has expanded the nation’s workforce, increased consumption, and driven up housing prices but that inflow has also shrunk the wages of less-educated Americans, the report said.
Americans crashed the Selective Service Agency’s website in early January because of a false rumor that signing up for federal student aid through FAFSA also meant signing up for the draft. Luckily, it turns out that 18-year-olds don’t have to go to boot camp when they apply for student loans. But they could be signing up for burdensome debt.
Hillary’s letter is painful. It’s riddled with stilted speech and a weak attempt to use swear words like that other future has-been who at least can kind of skateboard and pretend to air drum. Whether or not you agreed with Trump’s approach, at least his fondness for cuss words is authentic, something Hilldog struggles with.
Due to global overpopulation, giving birth is the worst thing you can do to the planet, MacCormack sustains, while insisting that she is not advocating wiping out the existing population but rather letting it die off.
The movement’s hysteric leader proceeded to hush the crowd so the mayor’s answer could be heard across the streets so they could vote him out next year if he bowed to their anarchic demands.
So it appears McCabe is allowed to lie to federal investigators about corruption affecting the U.S. government, cover it up with more lies, and get off scot-free even though what he did is a crime, while Stone faces years in prison for lying about gossip that affected nothing of public importance.
As people sip cafecito and eat croquetas at the landmark restaurant, the buzz here these days is what Cubans say is the alarming rise of Democratic presidential frontrunner Sen. Bernie Sanders, whose unabashed defense of late Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has riled Cuban-Americans who view his comments as a personal attack.
Pope Francis issued a severe indictment Wednesday of humanity’s failure to care for the planet, as environmentalists commemorate the 50th anniversary of “Earth Day.”
Here’s an irony: Thanks to Roe, America is a whiter place than it would otherwise have become. If pro-lifers had had their way, on the other hand, America would be considerably blacker and browner than it is today.
In an article posted by NBC News on Monday, the AP argues that even erstwhile allies, like tennis great and gay activist Martina Navratilova, can become resentful of transgender women dominating their sport.
A report by the United Nations (UN) falsely blamed President Trump for the detention of 100,000 migrant children who, in fact, were held in federal immigration custody in 2015 by President Obama.
House Republicans are gearing up for a sustained push to expose leftist Democrats in the House Democrat majority on their increasingly extreme views on abortion.
CNN national correspondent John King ripped President Donald Trump for not mentioning climate change in his second State of the Union address.
President Donald Trump in an interview on Wednesday ripped former Vice President Joe Biden for failing on race relations, after 43 years in public office.
They came to the United States from all corners of the globe -- Somalia, Rwanda, El Salvador, the Balkans, Germany, Iraq -- claiming to have been persecuted but, in reality, they were the persecutors.
For some years now, conservative and libertarian education policy experts have warned against voucher systems in favor, instead, of tax-credit scholarships and education savings accounts, which are less likely to drag the regulations and mandates of government schools into the private arena.
On Tuesday, AOC once again ignited a media firestorm when she continued bashing President Trump's administration by alluding to Nazi Germany while describing the way Trump detained migrant families on the border.
President Donald Trump touted how his reversal of Obama-era regulations on the fossil fuel industry has led to the United States being the largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world during his State of the Union address on Tuesday at the U.S. Capitol.
Day said that some Democrats had phoned her to say they would not vote for Hillary Clinton because of her extreme pro-abortion stance.
Why did Democrats vote overwhelmingly against a bill that would require infants born alive after abortion to be treated as any other infant born at that gestational age? Because abortion is the right to destroy one’s own child, and if a woman chose to kill her baby, to the left it would seem a violation of her so-called right to choose for doctors to try to save that baby.
Several medical and advocacy groups have insisted abortion services should be considered as essential health care during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic and not subject to delays or a reduction of availability that will affect other health services.
Proposals to restructure repayment programs or dip into retirement accounts don’t prevent students from taking out dangerous amounts of student loans in the first place.
Big Labor is not buying the Democrats' Green New Deal, saying the proposed economic and energy reforms could cause “immediate harm” to millions of union employees and threaten their livelihoods.
Over the past few decades, RFK Jr.’s famous name has helped him get in the door to talk to important people, and it probably isn’t long before the person who is all jacked up to meet a Kennedy realizes the guy is totally cray-cray.
Thunberg lambasted business and political elites gathered at WEF Tuesday for not doing enough to tackle climate change, warning that time was running out.
Since the Democrat Congress and the Obama administration orchestrated the government takeover of student loans in 2010 the total amount of student loan debt has exploded.
The argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state salves left-wing Christians' consciences for their support of radically pro-abortion politicians like Sen. Bernie Sanders.
President Donald Trump surprised reporters at the White House briefing room on Thursday, continuing his demand for wall funding.
A three-year-old girl in China’s Jiangsu province died after receiving a rabies vaccination last month, an ominous development in light of persistent scandals over low-quality and improperly-handled vaccines.
The damages bankruptcy inflicts on debtors looks appealing to the twenty percent who say they’ll be in debt until they die. Obama’s proposed change could start a run that would greatly increase costs to the federal government and, by extension, taxpayers.
The doctors note that continuing abortions – some of which are likely to develop complications – place greater stress on a healthcare system that is under tremendous pressure at the current time.
Americans Need To Stop Hurrying Young People Into Student Debt Slavery. Above all, we must give high schoolers personalized post-secondary educational recommendations before they get caught in the quagmire of student debt.
The whole anti-vaxx (as it became known) thing was nuts, a way for fading celebrities to pretend to be the vanguard of a Great Cause that Saved The Children from a sinister government conspiracy.
It was not stingy family leave policies that had this baby killed, it was the child’s mother, encouraged and enabled by a culture and legal regime that regard babies as a capstone consumer commodity to be ordered up when convenient, and violently disposed of when inconvenient.
The words and notions of all these documents (Green New Deal, Venezuelan Constitution, UN Covenant “International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, Stalin-written Soviet Constitution) may sound good to some, but in the end, they are just empty words at best, a siren call for the naïve, beckoning them to a socialist utopia, and at worst, lip service meant to distract from totalitarian brutality.
I get that the media really want to do some bullcrap horse-race point-scoring partisan sniping right now. But these are actually important questions. And “gotcha” reporting may get you butt-slapped by your fellow reporters at the bar, but it’s actually really dangerous.
The government of the secretive central Asian nation Turkmenistan published photos of what it claimed to be thousands of cyclists celebrating World Health Day on Tuesday with a crowded ride through the nation’s capital, Ashgabat – one of several sporting events seemingly held with no concern for the Chinese coronavirus.
Transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox twice broke a female opponent’s skull to win matches and now he is being praised by some in the LGBT community.
Much of this health hazard lies at the feet of folks like RFK Jr., so the idea that Trump was doing the anti-vax slow-jam with this quack a week before Inauguration Day understandably put Twitterverse over the edge
Home Secretary Priti Patel said that in response to the surge of illegal migrants, the government will look into how to speed up the deportation process, possibly to be modelled on Australia’s uncompromising system which saw a steep decline in illegal migration under the Commonwealth’s “stop the boats” policy.
President Donald Trump in an interview on Tuesday mocked former Vice President Joe Biden for continuing to wear a mask. The president pointed to a speech that Biden gave on Tuesday about race relations, where the former vice president removed his mask.
Climate Wunderkind Greta Thunberg has garnered gushing praise from celebrities during her environmental crusade.
Sen. Bernie Sanders’ (I-VT) immigration plan, which opens the border to all foreign nationals, was drafted by a handful of illegal alien staffers.
First Joe Biden said he still supported the Hyde Amendment, which prohibits taxpayer funding of most abortions, , then changed his position one day later, after tremendous political pressure from farther-left Democrats.
The number of abortions performed in 2017-2018 was 11,373 more than the abortions performed the year before that, a trend that shows that while Planned Parenthood officials once said abortion should be “safe, legal, and rare,” today they omit the word “rare” in their mantra as they perform more abortions each year.
Yet the drumbeat for censorship goes on as the politicians whose ideas find favor with the mainstream media want to make sure theirs are the only ideas you ever get to hear. Today it will be about money, but only because money is the means to spread ideas.
Merril Hoge, one of the most outspoken critics against the alarm surrounding CTE studies, also underscored that, from his lens, demonizing sports like football does more harm to American children than good.
The fact that the abortion rate among American blacks is far higher than the rate for whites is routinely chronicled and mourned.
Many of the U.S. Border Patrol agents on the front lines of the U.S. effort to secure the southern border with Mexico bristle at what they see as public misconceptions and media mischaracterization of their work.
On one hand, naive teenagers who signed off their financial futures to leftist, anti-American institutions would catch a break. The college cartel screwed you; now here’s a government waiver to make you forever grateful to the Democrats. 
Father Horan was one of the many voices from the Catholic Left who joined the mainstream media lynching of students from Covington Catholic High School this weekend, rashly judging them as racists without bothering to ascertain what actually happened, simply because some of the boys were wearing MAGA hats.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren's radical immigration plans involves decriminalizing illegal immigration, increasing legal immigration, and ending all detention of illegal aliens, minus those deemed to be “a flight or safety risk.”
The cancellation of Olympic qualifying events wreaks havoc with athletes waiting to advance, organizers and federations forced to find new venues — not to mention disrupting hotel reservations, airplane flights, and ticket reservations.
Climate change, which is the subject of fierce debate, may lead to a "substantial increase" in the number of extreme rainstorms, according to a startling new study by NASA.
While falling short of calling half the nation “deplorable” as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did in 2016, the comments echo a deep disdain for a large population of the country increasingly perpetuated by left-wing elites in the wake of the George Floyd protests characterizing the U.S. as irredeemably racist.
Harris is also pushing legislation that would dramatically expand the legal and financial incentives for hundreds of thousands of Indian low-wage college graduates to take U.S.-based jobs from U.S. college graduates.
The looting and riots and fires in blue cities across the country today reaffirm that it is not “justice” but “war” that today’s radicals have in mind. From a moment that brought all Americans together in their sense of right and wrong, politicians and groups bent on destabilizing the nation chose division…and got their way.
Former Vice President Al Gore turned up the rhetorical heat during a conference in Atlanta on Thursday, where he warned that climate change could bring about the end of civilization.
For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments. To left-wing politicians who think the state should hand out more subsidies, this might as well have been Armageddon.
When President Trump rolled out his recent budget proposal, it made some cuts that were always going to cause controversy. For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments.
Proponents of these vaccines twist the Vatican’s words to sound like approval: The use of such vaccines...
However, social media watchdogs are foaming at the mouth over the choice to place a teen climate activist on a panel with public health experts.
A 10-hour hearing broadcast on the court’s website showed Sun, China's greatest ever swimmer, and one of its biggest sports stars, to be evasive at times under questioning that was hampered by severe translation issues between Chinese and English.
After President Donald Trump’s news conference on a positive jobs report Friday morning, the mainstream media contorted a quote from the president to falsely convey he thinks George Floyd is happy about the jobs numbers.
But, yeah, good work each and every one of you reporters who made this fake story something to waste time on this week. You’re all hacks.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., Thursday released a sweeping immigration plan that would dramatically increase the number of refugee admissions by nearly 800 percent from FY 2018 and 250 percent from the Obama years.
The American Petroleum Institute's (API's) estimates were released two days before South Carolina's Democratic primary, where the candidates will compete with platforms that push aggressive agendas on energy and the environment.
According to Planned Parenthood office in Roanoke, Virginia, the abortion giant will continue to perform abortion services during the COVID-19 pandemic, claiming abortion is an “essential” medical service.
Oscar-winning actor Leonardo DiCaprio is a vocal climate change activist, however, he has taken some heat in the past for his preference for fuel-guzzling private plane travel.
Of all the pandering showcased during Democrats’ attempts to win back the presidency, wiping out student debt ranked at or near the top.
This would not be the first time Biden has been criticized for his ideas on combatting climate change, which – in the past – have paled in comparison to the ideas offered by ultra-progressive Sanders, who rolled out a massive $16 trillion Green New Deal plan this week.
Sanders praises the radical Green New Deal, champions a Medicare for All plan with a $34 trillion price tag, nods to abortion as a means of population control, and defends bread lines and Fidel Castro’s Cuba. 
Emilie Kao went on to note that women’s sports has already been undermined by the transgender movement.
As leading 2020 Dems advocate spending big on the Green New Deal, it turns out most Americans are worried about other issues.
China – the country that throws its minorities into concentration camps and uses them for slave labor, the brutal authoritarian regime driven by Han Chinese racial supremacist ideology, the government that thinks nothing of wiping out entire villages if it needs to build a few dams quickly to put on a good show for the Olympics – boasted of its superior compassion and tolerance in the pages of the CCP’s Global Times on Monday
That Sanders’ proposal lacks any sort of means-testing requirement makes it clear that he believes this is something all people deserve, but it’s unclear why, or how that’s a worthwhile investment given that it will be allocated toward those who are relatively rich (or could have been relatively rich had they not gotten a useless master’s degree that doesn’t translate into higher earnings). 
Officials at Dartmouth College looked the other way this week when a group of leftist student activists disrupted classes to bring attention to their support for the Green New Deal.
Chinese state media outlets have been bursting with criticism for President Donald Trump during the current round of riots, but the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) also tossed a few bricks at former President Barack Obama and his Democrat Party, needling them for doing little about racial issues and touting China’s efforts to care for its poor and disenfranchised as vastly superior to the Democrats’ half-hearted socialism.
Maynor’s story underscores a harsh reality: Youth sports is a multi-billion dollar industry in the U.S. and not every kid has the chance to participate.
Although Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg specified that her donation to Planned Parenthood Action Fund was a personal one, and not associated with Facebook, it is worth noting that in the last year the social media giant Sandberg leads has been caught censoring pro-life political ads.
Even a member of French President Emmanuel Macron’s La République en Marche! (LREM/Republic on the Move) slammed the sports hijab.
The media have tried to convince voters of Trump's failure for many years, but have thus far been unable to do so. Tuesday's special elections show we should hold off on the "Blue Wave" and "Trump can't win" narratives.
At least Morrissey, who stepped into his son’s life after an unexpected pregnancy, chose life — unlike Northam, who supports late-term abortion and advocates for killing unwanted children after failed abortions.
The issue of mandatory vaccination is once again an item of debate in media circles given the recent outbreaks in measles, and fueled this week by the continued inability of politicians to discuss vaccination policy without sounding like anti-science fools.
Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg has recently donated $1 million to Planned Parenthood Action Fund. In an interview with HuffPost, Sandberg said she was motivated by the “draconian laws” protecting unborn children recently passed in red states like Alabama, Missouri, and Georgia.
For a fleeting moment on Tuesday, the political universe was kumbayaing in mutual disgust at Donald Trump’s meeting with Robert Kennedy Jr.
CNN anchor Chris Cuomo was quick to defend climate activist Greta Thunberg from "Trumpers" who mocked her on Thursday but was quickly reminded about the settlement his network recently made with Covington Catholic High School student Nick Sandmann.
Yet it's merely the tip of the iceberg of war criminals lurking -- and working -- on U.S. turf.
President of Belarus refuses to cancel sports and scoffs at ‘Psychosis’ of coronavirus measures.
For far too many on the left, chaos is the point. Destruction is the goal. They prefer the unknown madness that lies ahead to whatever is still managing to (barely) hold us together in the present.
Netflix's statements related to leaving Georgia if fetal heartbeat law goes into effect is the company’s way of firing a warning shot to Georgia and similar states: Conform to our Hollywood ideals and values, or we won’t give you our business.
How do we deal with the false perception that liberals are more inclined to trust science than conservatives? Or, how do we approach the media’s fondness for focusing on the unscientific views of some conservatives but ignoring the irrational—and oftentimes, more consequential—beliefs of their fellow liberals?
Tokyo Games is even more of a dream fulfilled for the small baseball community in Israel, comprised mostly of American immigrants, and which has languished for decades in the country’s sporting wilderness.
Biel is merely the latest Hollywood celebrity to lend their support to the controversial anti-vaccine movement, which has been outright rejected and criticized by the scientific community.
Last week, Ankara broke the 2015 agreement with Brussels in which it would stop the illegal flow of migrants through Turkey in exchange for money and continuing EU accession talks, and opened the gates which resulted in thousands of migrants amassing on the near-east country’s land border with Greece.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., has taken Congress by storm, quickly becoming the de facto leader of the left-wing bloc of freshman Democrats seeking to overhaul the status quo with far-left ideas like the Green New Deal.
U.S. women’s soccer team co-captain Megan Rapinoe is begging prominent male soccer stars to must begin agitating for political causes.
Republicans will claim that they prioritize pro-life policies, and democrats will keep abortion sacrosanct.
Ingraham began the exchange by noting American graduates’ salaries have been suppressed by the flood of foreign graduates.
Should China be the first country to develop an effective vaccine, dictator Xi Jinping has promised to provide the world with “free” coronavirus vaccines paid for by Beijing. 
The right to abortion is just that — the right to kill unborn humans. But pro-abortionists like Quinn and Cuomo find it easier to argue that they are fighting for “reproductive rights” (even though pro-lifers are not objecting to any woman’s right to reproduce) or that fetuses are not humans but “clumps of cells.” Just as with slave owners and eugenicists before them, it’s easier for pro-abortionists to advocate for murder after they’ve dehumanized the lives they want to end.
Breaking store windows, setting buildings on fire, vandalizing monuments to American heroes, leaving graffiti threats on synagogue walls, attacking Christian churches and tombstones, terrorizing the living, and giving no peace to the dead— these are the great accomplishments of Antifa and those they egg on.
Democrats have made it clear they will sandbag the people we’ve elected to govern if we refuse to vote for Democrats. 
China appears to be feeding off similar complaints from the left in the United States. Complaints about partisan “gridlock” are perennial and grow especially loud when Democrats and their highly sympathetic media are the ones complaining about Republicans getting in their way.
There can be no serious discussion of this issue, however, in 60-second sound bites. So, beyond the soak-the-rich shtick that shades every Democratic economic debate point, the candidates resorted to two tactics: shock and sob stories.
Impeachment Is Just Another Word For Delusional Democrats Holding The Nation Hostage
For starters, Gautney, per her Twitter profile, is an associate professor of sociology at Fordham University, a private school located in New York City. None of this is a problem on its own; in a free society, people should be able to tweet whatever dumb things they want while working in whichever industry or field of research.
For several years, climate change doomsayers have turned their attention to cattle, as a series of reports demonstrated that “livestock emissions” are more dangerous for the environment than automobiles.
Yet it far better applies to unelected career bureaucrats’ use of their power to prosecute their political enemies, which comprises the heart of the “resistance” to Republican rule that will endure so long as bureaucracy has enough power to challenged elected branches of government. This bureacracy weaponization was also a hallmark of the Obama presidency, with — ironies of ironies — perhaps the biggest evidences again coming from the Department of Justice under attorneys general Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch.
The president’s likely opponent in the November elections, Democrat Joe Biden, was not among those who were inspired. Instead, tone-deaf as he is to the American people and the things of the Spirit, he said the president’s appearance outside the church shows he “is more interested in power than in principle.”
During her acceptance speech for best actress in a limited television series for Fosse/Vernon, Williams went on a bizarre rant about the need for abortion rights in the United States and for American women to vote for pro-choice candidates during election years.
A protester could be seen throwing an object at Frey as he slinked away. Biden, so far, has enjoyed the luxury of remaining in his basement, hidden away from volatile activists who want answers.
Phoenix’s Oscar speech for Joker was a rambling discourse that veered in several direction before settling on environmental platitudes.
But if you major in philosophy or gender studies, you might struggle to find any job in your field, let alone a well-paying one.
Major League Baseball is using its financial muscle to support the U.S. women's softball team, which already is assured a spot in the Tokyo Olympics while the American men's baseball team struggles to qualify.
Six Republican Senators have failed to develop a coalition for their plan that exchanges a fifth of border wall funding for an amnesty for illegal aliens and increased immigration.
Biden made the apocalyptic pronouncement while discussing climate change before a crowd of supporters in Peterborough, New Hampshire.
But Americans who blame anti-vaccination parents and propaganda have it wrong. Yes, those who do not vaccinate their children play a role in our failing rates, and lies about vaccinations causing autism have made matters worse, but there are less known, more significant causes to poor completion rates in children. 
This idea, gaining traction under the hashtag #CancelStudentDebt following the release of Sanders’ college debt forgiveness plan, is bad for several reasons, but naturally appealing in a sort of populist way, since plenty of people choose not to think about second-order impacts and potential consequences of driving our country into even more ruinous national debt than before.
Actor and climate change activist Joaquin Phoenix was spotted at Oscars Party with plastic water bottle after climate change rant.
Practicing pro-life litigators know that Trump judges are saving lives by permitting restrictions on abortion to go into effect.
Next came the sob stories. Those student loans are suffocating a generation, the candidates suggested. After all, “40 million of us who can’t start a family,” the diaper-changing daddy Swalwell contradictorily proclaimed, adding that they “Can’t take a good idea and start a business and can’t buy our first home.”
For our friends on the Left, Trump’s refusal to wear a mask is irresponsible toxic masculinity that is sending the wrong message and getting people killed, even though Dr. Deborah Brix has explained it’s not much of a risk. Biden, meanwhile, to their minds is leading by example by wearing his mask even when there is no good reason he should.
It’s a trap because a college education doesn’t guarantee a good job. For years, the return on investment for higher education has steadily declined. More than 40 percent of recent college graduates are underemployed and work in jobs that do not require a college education.
Other than the fact that none of the above is even close to the truth and that the entire premise of the article is the fakest of fake news, the Daily Beast has a real bombshell on its hands.
This would be the same Taliban that gleefully murders young women for the crime of going to school and regards democracy as a crime against Islam punishable by death.
Nevertheless, the media jihad continues, and that includes NBC shamelessly running a debunked and deceptive smear story that had been reported on and debunked all the way back in May.
Today’s mainstream media doesn’t want you to remember, but the early days of feminism were rife with ideological battles and  backstabbing that would put a medieval court to shame.
The tragedy of America’s 18 years in Afghanistan has been a stubborn refusal to admit the Afghan government is incapable of standing on its own, no matter how much money is poured into it, how much training its troops are given, or how many of its battles American soldiers fight.
Sargent has written leftist pieces at the Washington Post for years. In March 2016, Sargent called then-candidate Donald Trump a “nightmare nominee,” saying that not even white men like Trump.
Take, for example, the four reliably liberal Supreme Court justices, all of whom believe it’s OK to compel Americans to pay dues to political organizations they disagree with, to coerce them to say things they abhor, and to compel them to create things that undermine their principles.
Suicide hotlines are overwhelmed. Unemployment is skyrocketing. Women and children in abusive relationships are stuck at home in a nightmare situation with their abusers. Alcohol sales are through the roof. Foster kids have nowhere to go to be loved and cared for.
Her call for a Green New Deal -- which would seek to focus on income inequality and climate change by funding a host of radical ideas on liberal wish-lists and overhaul the nation's energy sector -- has been embraced by a number of 2020 hopefuls already.
Rispone is crying foul about the race-baiting ads from Edwards’ allies.
While it’s perfectly evident that Trump does have racist supporters (which he is suspiciously reluctant to condemn), many contend that Trumpism is itself not racist, but merely a justified reaction to the Left’s racial patronage.
Amazon first refused to publish a book skeptical of the mainstream narrative on the novel Wuhan coronavirus while still continuing to promote works by anarchists and Adolf Hitler.
The media and the left did their best to ignore the racial diversity of the well-armed crowd.
China’s state-run media quickly seized on the obsessions of their American counterparts over the weekend by linking President Donald Trump to “white nationalism”
Those areas have been plagued for years by gun and gang-related violence, including Englewood and West Garfield Park.
It is unsurprising for biological males to destroy female records since men are physiologically stronger than woman, having more muscle mass and a higher bone density.
MSNBC anchor Katy Tur on Wednesday boldly declared that there was “almost no middle class” in America.
Since the beginning, Biden has been grasping at the coattails of America’s first black president and relying on his administration’s laurels related to Obamacare, race relations, gun restrictions, and climate change.
Sen. Bernie Sanders on Tuesday unveiled a massive tax on the wealthiest Americans that aims to diminish income inequality -- a central theme of his campaign -- and at least begin to finance the steep price tags for the numerous government programs the Democratic presidential candidate is proposing.
Democrats blocked a coronavirus package on Sunday that would provide economic relief to businesses and Americans suffering from the impact of the coronavirus outbreak
Over 70,000 women in Germany have been subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM), and a further 17,000 young girls are at risk of having the barbaric procedure being committed against them.
Outraged Democrats vowed to appeal a federal judge’s ruling that could undo the US health care law known as Obamacare, saying on Saturday that they will use their new power in Congress to hold Republicans responsible and “expose their lies.”
But make no mistake about it: Despite receiving widespread positive attention from many in the press, Ocasio-Cortez’s radical left-wing policy proposals and her socialist ideology present a significant threat to America’s economy and its longstanding commitment to individual liberty. 
It’s not a huge deal that an eccentric, pro-Trump activist clumsily used a bad analogy in a local speech. The analogy is bad enough, however, that it certainly shouldn’t be on the president’s Twitter feed.
The Democrats’ bill is a massive giveaway to Silicon Valley, to tech donors, and to many Fortune 500 companies in the banking and insurance industries who have replaced their American graduates with blocs of imported Indian and Chinese workers.
President Trump's two-day visit to India turned to substance Tuesday after opening with a heavy dose of pomp and pageantry, but few concrete accomplishments were expected from the whirlwind trip.
The new numbers from Gallup are an unwelcome sight for Democrats after kicking off the week with a disaster caucus in Iowa who and simultaneously anticipating a Trump acquittal in the Senate. Trump will also now have the opportunity to shine in his newfound approval in Tuesday night’s address to the nation while Democrats are in disarray.
Security measures are in place as there are concerns radical groups could face off in Richmond, but Democrat office holders and their surrogates in the gun control movement, as well as establishment media reporters, are working hard to paint the entire gun rally as a meeting of extremists and racists.
And in return for the value you have created, the employment you have provided and the tax revenue you have generated, all you get is a bunch of chippy socialists and whiny Remoaners accusing you of being selfish, greedy, and unpatriotic.
A gaggle of representatives from theologically liberal denominations recently issued a statement against Christian nationalism in America, claiming that it threatens both American democracy and the ability of our religious communities to live in peace.
Democrats are shortsighted if they simply believe that creating new limits on gun ownership will increase Americans’ safety.
Borrowing from Hillary Clinton, leftist Italian media have labeled those attending the pro-family Congress a “list of deplorables,” calling pro-life and pro-family advocates “neofascists” and “homophobes.”
King went on to defend his tweet with a number of confused and contradictory statements.
Surprising because in its early trailer, FX’s Anti-Phyllis Schlafly Series Mrs. America sold itself as a celebration of second-wave feminism as it waged righteous war against the dark forces of the “patriarchy.”
Nancy Pelosi Proposes 1,400-Page Coronavirus Bill Stuffed with Pork
An analysis by Fox News shows at least eight potential Democratic candidates have voiced support for or touted aspects of the proposal, which amounts to a drastic overhaul of the U.S. economy and government benefit system.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor, in her dissent, accused the majority of weaponizing the First Amendment — an unconscionable position for a person tasked with “faithfully and impartially” discharging the duty to protect the inherent rights of all Americans. The dissenters have perverted the intent of the Founders. It’s none of Sotomayor’s business how we use free expression. It’s her business to protect it.
Edwards’ allies are pushing a narrative that supporting Rispone is akin to being a racist like infamous white supremacist David Duke.
In his ongoing effort to differentiate between himself and Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden is touting background checks but ignoring the fact they do not stop mass public attackers.
Worth noting, however, is that Democrats have also been notably two-faced on gun control.
Alex Berenson, a former reporter at the New York Times who has written extensively debunking fearmongering claims related to the lockdowns wrote on Twitter Thursday that the tech giant to benefit the most from pandemic stay-home orders is refused to sell his latest book.
In addition to mocking Ivanka for her looks, the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike demeans the First Daughter’s success as a business woman and White House advisor to that of a woman with a vacuum—as if something’s wrong with that, too. 
Some people hate Trump and mock everything from his geography gaffes to his appearance. They’ve done the same thing with Rush. All of this mockery and vitriol is just an attempt to thwart their real success in revolutionizing American culture and politics.
H.R. 8, as well as other new gun control legislation currently being considered by the House Democrat majority do not accomplish the goal of reducing gun violence.
The First Amendment forbids the establishment of a state church in the United States, but it in no way imposes the incoherent burden of religious neutrality on our civic institutions
The numbers finding broad American approval of Trump illustrate the catastrophe of the impeachment proceedings backfiring on Democrats that were precisely intended to bring the president’s approval numbers down.
After Steve King’s offensive implication that white people own Western civilization, Chris Hayes predictably responded with an idiotic remark about Western civilization giving us Hitler.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee slammed Senate Democrats for blocking the legislation.
Everywhere he went on Monday, Trump was greeted by thousands of cheering Indian citizens, troops of traditional dancers and roadways lined with posters and billboards celebrating his visit.
House Democrats are not currently pushing a firearm registry, but without a complete knowledge of the location of all firearms, universal background checks simply will not work.
This account of Trump’s decision-making, based on a senior defense official as well as several others in the Trump administration, offers insight into how the president was pushing for the fastest, most extreme measures while advisers at the Pentagon tried to persuade him that a more moderate approach would work.
White people are being asked—or pushed—to take stock of their whiteness and identify with it more. This is a remarkably bad idea.
Celebrity activist Alyssa Milano declared at a rally in Washington, D.C. Tuesday that because she has a vagina, she doesn’t have “equality and justice” in America.
While the piece fairly analyzes the fracturing of the white nationalist movement, it makes the bizarre claim that ideas that are widely popular amongst mainstream conservatives, such as ending affirmative action, are actually white nationalist in origin.
While Democrats were busy diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
Male and female are the two sexes — but transgender advocates now claim more than 50 “genders” — including agender, bigender, gender fluid, gender non-conforming, genderqueer, intersex, two-spirit, etc, plus “cis-gender” for the 99+ percent of people who are normal, non-transgender people.
Like many Never Trump screeds, Will’s criticisms are cloaked around the Republican party. His real issue, however, is with Trump voters. He blames the party for nominating Trump and stocking Congress with “invertebrates whose unswerving abjectness has enabled his institutional vandalism…” But if pro-Trump Congressmen are “invertebrates,” what does that make the Americans who voted for them?
She said she came to her conservatism by studying history without the filter Democrats have put on racism in the United States.
In the video, while answering a question of whether conservatives have legitimate fears of Islamic terrorism and therefore justification for measures to stop it, she appears to say that white men are in fact a greater threat.
Franklin Graham: Democrats Exploit Coronavirus to ‘Defeat Donald Trump in the Election’
Such criminalization would be accomplished via universal background checks, which Harris strongly supports.
Of course, the demands of tolerance are not universal. The strong gods are still suppressed and exiled, and the heretic-hunting inquisitors of diversity have become more paranoid and vindictive in triumph.
He’s a 78-year-old white male millionaire seeking the affections of the wokesters, a gruff socialist with bedraggled hair and terrifying policy proposals.
Of course, regionally, the Democrat base consists nearly exclusively on top income earners and rich executives who live in metropolitan areas and major cities along the coasts.
The coronavirus lockdowns are America’s most regressive government actions since the draft. Even as liberals have quickly noted the virus’s disparate incidence, they have ignored the inequities of government responses.
The declaration that a man’s penis becomes a female penis once a man declares himself to be transgender is built on the transgender claim that men who say they are women are actually women. 
For the most part however, Biden’s campaign has faded into the background of American politics as the nation struggles to combat the coronavirus pandemic and a new surge in violent demonstrations engulfing the country in a storm of anarchy.
Model and left-wing activist Emily Ratajkowski celebrated Easter Sunday, the most important day in the Christian calendar, by posting racy photos of herself in a thong.
Even if Trump is “unraveling” as Never Trumpers are wont to claim, his supporters won’t disappear on November 4th. George Will and the leftists many Never Trumpers now ally themselves with must reconcile their perception of the American people with reality.
Remember how incensed people got when Trump floated his (admittedly, impractical) ideological test for immigrants.
House Democrats’ Chinese coronavirus relief package bails out coastal millionaires and billionaires while ensuring big businesses are able to freely hire illegal aliens and visa overstayers over unemployed Americans.
As dear leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is fond of saying, “winners make policy, losers go home.” And yet unfortunately, Republicans in the Senate refuse to take the phrase to heart. Which is a real shame. We are just under 280 days into the Trump presidency, yet beyond nominations, Congress has made almost no progress passing the agenda America elected them to enact.
Leonhardt’s column in the New York Times provides more evidence that elite Americans are so enamored of immigration and diversity that they would throw the college graduate class under the bus rather than give up their visions of ruling over a chaotic and fractured “diverse” society.
While Democrats were diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
Cuomo has been championed by the mainstream media for his response to the coronavirus pandemic in New York City, but his state-wide response to nursing homes deserves anything but the glowing praise he’s received.
Democrats are also using the crisis to push for greater immigration, despite the overwhelming public demand that Americans get hired for any jobs during the crash.
Despite Democrats regularly characterizing America as socially pathologized with anti-woman “sexism” and “misogyny” — where women face greater cultural, economic, political, and social adversities relative to men — Warren framed her sex as a political asset in comparison to her male competitors for the Democrats’ presidential nomination to defeat President Donald Trump in November’s general election.
It is therefore no surprise that Ocasio-Cortez has embraced the term “Democratic socialism.”
Then the tenor changed. What started as irony turned into an actual belief that white people, specifically white men, are more dangerous and immoral than any other people.
Trump's comments came during a mega-rally in the world's largest cricket stadium — part of an elaborate Indian welcome for a president who revels in pomp and pageantry.
We used to think of interracial marriage as a sign of social progress. Now, thanks to The New York Times, we know it’s just another sinister tool of white supremacy.
Haqqani claimed the Taliban are just looking for a round of free and fair elections, laughably pretending the murderous Islamist extremists would cheerfully accept losing and head back to their caves in peace if the Afghan people reject them.
Even before jumping into the presidential race, Biden had showcased a taste for luxury air travel. 
The two men are known to be friendly and frequently golf together at Mar-a-lago. But apart from their friendship, Trump should feel a great bond with Limbaugh. After all, without his three decades of on-air bombast, bluster, and fearless defense of his audience, there likely would not be a President Trump.
House and Senate Democrats are responding to the coronavirus outbreak in the United States by supporting measures to effectively strip President Trump of his authority to impose travel bans to protect American citizens.
During a speech to Young America’s Foundation’s 41st annual National Conservative Student Conference, Hawley slammed the “reigning consensus” of Washington, D.C.’s ruling class that asserts free trade and endless immigration are vital to meet the needs of corporate leaders, the business lobby, and the donor class while ignoring its impact on middle-class Americans.
I have zero interest in contributing to the daily chorus of outrage over Trump’s Twitter feed, or feigning shock and horror over the casual, combative style that fueled him to the GOP nomination and then to the presidency. He does not want Democrats to die. The sky isn’t falling because Trump made a bad retweet.
For twenty days, from the day the first death from coronavirus was known, Democrats did nothing about it. They were too busy with the president’s impeachment trial — a trial Pelosi had delayed unnecessarily for several weeks.
They found that many disadvantaged white students reject the notion of their grand privileges and resented the key confessional component of white privilege education.
Such a ban would have been of little impact because the key element in such mass attacks is time, and the Virginia Tech attacker had all the time in the world because his targets could not shoot back; they were in a gun-free zone.
Bush, who has largely avoided politics since leaving office in 2009, has recently weighed in on the Chinese coronavirus pandemic and the death of George Floyd — and while neither statement mentioned President Trump by name, they were regarded as veiled swipes at his handling of both matters.
A plan known as the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act is a boon to Silicon Valley billionaires, big business elites, and outsourcing firms, as they would be able to readily import more lower-paid Indian and Chinese foreign workers to take American jobs that would have otherwise gone to American citizens.
Frustrated Democrats slammed Republicans for what they see as a debacle that could leave millions of Americans without health care. 
This is what Breitbart News has reported, based on publicly available data ignored by the anti-tariff crowd for over a year. 
There was no immediate confirmation from US officials about the alleged plan to slash US troop numbers in Germany and cap them at 25,000 in future. But Trump’s lukewarm support of longstanding cooperation agreements with European allies has long caused alarm on the continent.
Holding a face mask draped over a pen in his left hand, and reading from a script evidently placed slightly off-camera, Biden labored through a presentation that sought to portray Trump as a plutocrat serving his cronies.
But instead of closing loopholes that allow criminals to access firearms, the bill by House Democrats could turn millions of law-abiding American gun owners into felons.
But rather than appreciate the fact that Asian-American women are considered highly attractive, Lim sees only a sneaking racial bias, a reflection of our upside-down cultural world where victimhood and oppression carry more social currency than even beauty and success.
Trump is nothing if not a public relations savant. Once the dust settles, if he cannot take credit for restoring order, he’ll do his best to deflect and lay the blame at someone else’s feet. He’ll remind his followers what the other side thinks of them, how they desecrated our American values, and what will happen to them if Joe Biden becomes the apologizer-in-chief.
In an apparent attempt to blame sexism for the blowback the Rashida Tlaib received for her "Impeach the Motherf*cker" remark, Pelosi wondered aloud what the response would have been if a man made the same comment. 
Just a few weeks later, our divided leaders were taken by surprise by the pandemic, and bickered on cable news, asking why nothing was done sooner.
The Trump administration is proposing tariffs on up to $2.4 billion worth of French imports — including Roquefort cheese, handbags, lipstick and sparkling wine — in retaliation for France’s tax on American tech giants like Google, Amazon and Facebook.
Warren’s speech included leftist talking points — from corporations’ alleged mistreatment of American workers and unions to the dangers of “cutthroat capitalism” and the pitfalls of free trade.
Newly empowered Democrats in Washington and statehouses across the country are flexing their legislative muscle with a host of tax proposals that would affect billionaires and blue collar alike.
Bernie Sanders Is Crazy, But The Only Democrat Candidate Voters Actually Like
The irony, of course, is that the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike reflects every stereotype feminists claim to stand against, oversexualizing Ivanka’s body and ignoring her hard work.
Top Democrat and GOP members of the House Armed Services Committee ducked and dodged when a Pentagon official said the sex of transgender soldiers is decided by their biology, not by their claimed “gender identity.”
After years of being berated as racist or ignorant, Donald Trump reassures everyday Americans that their views are valid and their way of life is worthwhile. He lets them fulfill the only dream most Americans have: to live their lives as they please without harassment or contempt from their government.
Democrats Push Pork for Planned Parenthood in Coronavirus Package
What this means is that in these particular countries, local law enforcement agree to not enforce anti-gun laws, especially dangerous radical ones like confiscation, bans, mandatory registration, and limiting the size of magazines.
It is far from the first time that Trump has offered to intervene in a seemingly intractable international dispute.
But the president kept his word when it came to the Court. It’s still early in the Trump era, of course, and we really have no idea how the residual political effects of our acute partisan battles or investigations or ugly rhetoric or the often-incompetent presidency will manifest in the long term.
When Republicans warned Democrats that impeachment was a waste of time, a divisive partisan exercise, and a distraction from the real issues facing the country — a lesson Republicans learned the hard way, in Bill Clinton’s impeachment, 21 years before — Democrats ignored them.
DeSantis was initially tentative to shut down outdoor recreational areas like beaches and was ridiculed by the media for his allegedly relaxed response.
But the British Government — and this one’s Conservative; imagine what a Labour one would be like! — is so wedded to green ideology and so nervous of the well-funded anti-fracking campaign industry that it has imposed such extreme precautionary principles on shale gas exploration that the fracking industry has effectively been strangled at birth with red tape.
He is enjoying the benefits of those guns while working hard to be sure average Americans cannot own them.
The House Democrats’ 1,400-page coronavirus recovery bill threatens the livelihood of millions of American graduates and their families by expanding work visas for many of the roughly 1.5 million foreign college graduate contract workers who hold jobs in the United States.
Ocasio-Cortez, who advocates for democratic socialism, is not the only Democrat in Washington, D.C., honing in on billionaires these days.
Strategic purchases of U.S. businesses and the placement of Chinese companies on American stock exchanges and indexes have also given the PRC enormous suasion over the avenues of American soft power.
A specter is haunting the West; our elites see intolerant authoritarianism—along with a plethora of related “-phobias” and “-isms”—everywhere.
The transgender effort to suppress any recognition that men and women are different and complementary would not matter except for the movement’s political alliance with wealthy progressives and radical feminists who wish to destroy the political power of the male-and-female family.
California has a ten-day waiting period on gun purchases yet that state also witnesses some of the most heinous public firearm-based attacks in the nation.
While Democrat presidential hopefuls aim to weaponize the tax cuts, Elaine Parker, chief communications officer of Job Creators Network (JCN), told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview in January that it is precisely what will assist Trump in making his case to the American people.
Rep. Al Green (D-TX) at a hearing on Wednesday perpetuated the hoax that President Trump called white nationalists at a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in 2017 “very fine people.”
The U.S. manufacturing jobs boom comes as free trade economists, billionaire donors, and establishment media pundits have routinely claimed that Trump’s 25 percent tariff on imported steel and ten percent tariff on aluminum would cripple the American economy.
We did consent to the lockdowns and now are suffering under the insanity that has flowed from them—economic suicide and petty local laws that serve no purpose other than to nanny us into submission.
Americans generally associate white pride with slavery, segregation, and skinheads. For most of us those are negative associations so, yes, we think it’s creepy to be proud that you’re white.
In fact, Clinton’s plan is so inept in its ability to understand how college funding even operates, and so atrociously far from providing any adequate solutions to a complex problem, that it sounds like she was channeling the Simpsons.
Rep. Steve King’s (R-Iowa) comments on race earlier this month elicited a warranted firestorm of indignation across American politics and media.
The bureaucrats and local would-be dictators concocting their various plans to protect us all from each other have to be relieved of their power or the police state will be permanent. So how did we get here, and how do we reclaim our liberty and the right to take risks to survive?
Supporters of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) are blaming her lackluster Super Tuesday performance, in part, on sexism, contending that she would be the frontrunner if she were a man.
Bannon, who previously served as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News, has denied the false claims spewed against him mostly by those on the left.
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders says he wants to spend a whopping $2.5 trillion over a decade to guarantee all Americans – regardless of income – safe and affordable housing.
Moreover, NeverTrump would not only have to separate Trump from his political base, but also to win the support of that base for its own candidate. That will be particularly difficult, as NeverTrump has made no secret of its general disdain for Trump supporters.
Banks lamented that China has now become a partisan issue simply because Trump has blamed China for trying to hide the discovery of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China, and allowing it to spread to the rest of the world.
The irony of these two particular invites–Brinkley and Kasky–is that they tell of story of gun control’s failure in Florida, rather than gun control’s success.
Well-intentioned politicians might want to provide a solution for student loans, but millennials won’t start making smart decisions unless they have to foot the bill for their own education. Unfortunately, no bailout or special program can save students suffering from a lack of responsibility.
The Senate Republican leader said that some Democrats told him in private they were embarrassed by Pelosi and Schumer’s political stunt.
Despite pre-existing and new guidelines, critical decisions made by governors and state leadership have, in some cases, exacerbated the crisis. In New York, Gov. Cuomo’s instruction for long-term care facilities to continue accepting patients with COVID-19 led to devastating results.
Ironically, bans on “high-capacity” magazines are part of the Bloomberg campaign’s gun control push, yet a Virginia Tech review board found that such a ban would have had a negligible impact on the results of the 2007 attack.
However, Democrats, including some of the 2020 candidates, have continued to push a narrative that Trump called white supremacists “very fine people,” when he clearly did not.
The biggest problem for NeverTrump, however, is the pitiful performance of the Republican Congress, which has been unable to act on its core priorities, and reinforces the notion that only Trump is strong enough to lead the party.
Sweden, another highly “progressive” country, has also introduced various schemes revolving around gender identity in schools, with preschools addressing children by the gender-neutral pronoun “hen” and encouraging them to play games traditionally associated with their opposite gender.
Among rich lefties, perhaps, this new reality was acceptable, as it dovetailed with their guilt over their own success.
My point is that it was a bait-and-switch, and not in a crazed, left-wing state like California. 
It’s also true that in no time in modern American history has a president’s disposition and rhetoric conflicted more dramatically with the outcomes of his administration. But that has been a net win for the Constitution.
The suggestion that the use of the phrase "ladies and gentlemen" is a real threat to transgender individuals downplays their actual struggle for acceptance in modern America.
Female genital mutilation is illegal in Germany, leading many families to travel to their country of origin to have the gruesome ritual performed on their daughters.
He then criticized the attempt to lump Republicans and white nationalists into the same group.
Every corporate mainstream media organization has repeatedly claimed, without evidence, that tariffs were hurting U.S. consumers.
Top Six Awful Democrat Ideas Senate Republicans Blocked from Coronavirus Bill...
The moment was yet another headache for Biden as he struggles to appeal to gun owners. 
Factual analyses have dismantled this false narrative put forth by some in the mainstream media.
For the latest grisly example of hypocrisy, “progressive” cronyism, feminist cry-bullying, and Deep State entrenchment, look no further than Britain’s Chief Medical Officer Dame Sally Davies.
An angry Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) slammed Democrats for voting against the bill and blamed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for nixing bipartisan negotiations over a coronavirus package.
Angry Democrats blamed Republicans for what they see as a debacle that could leave millions of Americans without health care. 
A group of 20 wealthy individuals – including left-wing financier George Soros – signed a letter Monday, begging for a wealth tax and arguing that the U.S has a “moral, ethical, and economic responsibility” to tax wealthy individuals more.
It is also worth noting that the “white nationalist” in question, Patrick Casey, does not claim to be a white nationalist but an identitarian activist, a group the far-left media regularly attack as racist.
Rowe then dismantled each of Atkins’ unsubstantiated points. He lambasted celebrities for constantly broadcasting their political opinions as though their views have any impact on most Americans.
If China’s actions in the coronavirus catastrophe offer any window into this communist regime’s machinations, deceitfulness, and debasement of human life, it is that the threat they represent is unlike anything America has faced.
To the thinking person, the claim doesn’t make sense. How could this be a new phenomenon adopted from the small white nationalist movement when mainstream conservatives have been fighting to end affirmative action for decades?
Students across India on Tuesday stood in solidarity against a vicious weekend attack on a prestigious New Delhi university by masked men wielding sticks that led to 40 students and staff being sent to the hospital.
Donald Trump’s victory last November was not just a repudiation of the Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton. No, 2016 was a revolt against the entire Washington establishment, both on the left and the right. Don’t forget, Trump blew away everyone in the Republican primary too, from accomplished governors to Jeb Bush (R) from Tea Party darlings to washed up Senators. Trump wiped the floor with them.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi debuted a 1,120-page coronavirus rescue bill after Democrats tanked the Senate proposal on Sunday night.
New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez casually spotlighted her revolutionary rejection of biology, sex, and the male-or-female society during a live Facebook chat in which she was asked about her views on the military draft.
Moynihan never described the specific spiritual benefits that would arise from the kind of cutbacks needed to solve a future government debt crisis. But in explaining how excessive public spending undermines traditional values, he was clearly suggesting subsequent belt-tightening could have the reverse effect.
He misses the fact that the bank shooting highlighted the failure of gun control–particularly Florida’s red flag law and waiting periods–rather than the need for it.
He pointed out, in blunt and colorful language, that economic suicide in pursuit of the latter goal is insanity. His video went viral.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is aggressively pushing a new wealth tax – which she’s dubbed the “UltraMillionaireTax” – ahead of this weekend’s formal presidential campaign launch, but keeps running into the same question from critics: Is it even constitutional?
In a bizarre and unexpected twist, pop super star Lana Del Rey is being smeared as “racist” over an Instagram post in which she slammed modern-day feminism.
The Clinton plan won’t work because it’s a progressive, liberal, quasi-socialist plan applied to something that should operate like a business within a free market
Those filings are expected to show that Sen. Sanders, the so-called democratic socialist, made millions from book sales.
Cancellation of a two-week United Nations meeting on gender equality, female empowerment and “women’s issues” due to the coronavirus outbreak sparked an outcry from 12,000 disappointed delegates, diplomats and non-government organizations scheduled to fly into New York for the event and work towards ending “default male thinking” across the globalist organization.
Tuesday on Hill.TV, 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson declared President Donald Trump has become a “megaphone” for white nationalism.
We just survived eight years of a messianic presidency, with a finger-wagging, patriotism-appropriating administration lecturing us on how to be proper Americans.
CBS Late Show host Stephen Colbert claimed on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s describing himself as a “nationalist” serves as an indication of his hidden sympathy for white nationalist movements such as Ku Klux Klan.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) slammed billionaire Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world and owner of the Washington Post, for paying his employees what she called “starvation wages.”
So while these Republicans in D.C. are still lost in the mindset that voters will still support them because "they're not the other guys," that's not entirely true: promises were made, tens of millions of dollars were raised off said promises. Time to man up, Republicans, and fulfill those promises or else people might call you for what you're acting like right now: liars.
Just off the top of my head, CNN is already filled with useless and uninteresting Never Trump deadwood.
Republicans, however, are likely to vehemently oppose the plan to tax the wealthy.
Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” economy has led to record-low unemployment for the bottom-tier of working and middle-class Americans, as well as major wage hikes thanks to a tightened labor market.
Instead of motivating kids to payback their loans, Clinton’s plan might actually lead to the decline in liberal arts enrollment.
A majority of Americans do not agree with Democrats’ gun violence demagoguery. 
He reiterated his criticism of the president’s response to coronavirus in the spin room after the debate, saying that Trump was incompetent.
Tens of thousands rallied peacefully and the news media treated it like it was the start of the second civil war or at least another violent confrontation like Charlottesville.
The progressive push to bend Americans’ attitudes and their male-and-female civic society around the idea of “gender identity” has already attacked and cracked many of the popular social rules that help Americans manage the cooperation and competition among and between complementary, different, and equal men and women.
However, the GOP tax cuts benefited small business and the middle class — not just the wealthy, as several Democrat candidates have suggested.
Working-class Americans, like those who make up the majority of South Bend residents, have secured the largest wage hikes in the nation compared to all other economic demographic groups — a direct result of Trump tightening the labor market.
And if we look at a subset of guns which the left  loves to deride - rifles, for instance - then a clearer picture about gun deaths is quickly visible.
During the campaign, it was clear that much of the momentum behind NeverTrump was driven by narcissism, as well as by self-interest. NeverTrump gambled on a Hillary Clinton victory, preparing to blame Trump supporters and hoping to take revenge.
American manufacturing jobs have boomed to a more than 20-year high as President Trump has imposed a wide range of tariffs on imported steel, aluminum, and Chinese products — dooming predictions made by free traders that have yet to pan out.
While no one is praising Trump as a thought leader in the way Limbaugh has been, he’s undeniably made conservative ideas tangible for average Americans.
Billionaire Democrat presidential hopeful Mike Bloomberg is a staunch proponent of gun control for America with one caveat–he gets to spend his days surrounded by good guys with guns to keep him safe.
The Trump tax cuts also doubled the child tax credit and expanded its eligibility, which greatly helps the American working-class family.
Ultimately, the best way to defeat the idea of white supremacy is to ignore cartoon villains like Spencer and Anglin. They’re bigots, losers, and attention-seekers who survive on the oxygen the media gives them.
Instead of giving way to despair, Christians should master themselves, strive for virtue, and suffer with dignity. The virus and shutdowns, grave as they are, will pass, but everyone can learn from them and be more than members of the passive herd beholden to external forces.
For Democrats, this wave or new regulation, censorship, and civic pressure will free the less-than-one-percent of people who say they are transgender from the oppressive, outdated rules of male-dominated supremacy.
The astute observer will note that China is not exactly eager to take in large numbers of migrants or refugees from beyond its borders.
The self-flattering conceit that sustains NeverTrump’s criticism is that Trump supporters are participating in a cult of personality. 
However, this is not the senator’s first time criticizing Bannon based off of misleading reports in the media.
Donald Trump claimed he has seen evidence the new coronavirus originated in a Chinese lab, as he threatened tariffs on Beijing over its role in the global pandemic.
The hot new idea to tax America’s rich is a wealth tax, which – although designed to target the wealthiest taxpayers – could end up eventually hurting middle-class families.
What is new is the direct indictment of white people as a race. This happened through a strange rhetorical transformation over the past few years.
As we got into the cab, our tow truck driver, a middle-aged man from Brooklyn, wasted only a few minutes before bringing up Trump with missionary zeal. He told us that he hated politics and hated politicians, but loved Donald Trump. Why? Because Trump is the only one speaking up for people like him.
Former Vice President Joe Biden lied on Monday about his past position on the best way to deal with the novel Wuhan coronavirus rapidly spreading worldwide that would eventually bloom into a global pandemic.
Free trade has helped gut working and middle class American jobs and stripped whole middle American towns of their industries and livelihoods.
The bill would also provide a massive giveaway to the many technology, banking, insurance, and staffing companies that have replaced a huge number of U.S. graduates with large blocs of compliant Indian and Chinese graduates.
This prohibition is but the first portion of the implementation of I-1639, the gun control initiative pushed by millionaires and billionaires and passed by voters on November 6, 2018.
Politicians have no business directing or defining patriotism — especially when their rhetoric sounds like 1950s-era Soviet sloganeering.
Reducing the upper tax rate can often, counterintuitively, increase total government tax revenue — because the rich, instead of engaging in complicated (but legal) tax avoidance schemes, are happy to pay what they consider a fair rate.
Liberals, sadly, were not prepared to let whiteness remain Times New Roman. They poked and they prodded, and eventually got the resentful backlash they were provoking.
While Pace receives her spiritual grace from a Christian God, science has shown that faith in a supernatural wonder, whatever it may be, that bears powerful benefits on an individual’s mental and even physical well-being.
The New York Times has a responsibility to exercise greater discretion, rather than publish racially charged clickbait like an article arguing white supremacists have an Asian woman fetish.
At the time, Moynihan was primarily concerned that irresponsible politicians promising their constituents an insupportable array of handouts would jeopardize America’s economic well-being. 
These numbers also help illuminate Democrats’ thinking: Since Trump has no wiggle room with his base, they are content to watch consequences pile up, driving Trump’s overall numbers further into the ditch.
While his supporters have included many strains of nationalism and populism, he did run as a Republican, and this will hopefully work in his favor. Many Americans are hopeful, excited, and looking forward to a Trump presidency. Here are some of the reasons why.
It should be clear by now that no matter how bad the violence gets, López Obrador is not going to do anything about the cartels.
So it was creepy when Obama was trying to replace American idealism with progressivism and calling it “economic patriotism,” and it’s creepy when Trump does basically the same thing under the guise of economic nationalism.
Assad has been at war with the rebels since 2011 and has been repeatedly accused of using chemical weapons against civilians and other human rights atrocities to cement his control over regions that oppose his rule.
The American president’s threat to reverse that decision and impose the metals tariffs is the latest example of his mercurial approach to trade policy.
The result of this tribalism will not be a catharsis of white identity, improving equality for non-whites. It will be resentment towards being the only tribe not given the special treatment bestowed by victimhood.
Never mind the fact that some of Trump’s strongest supporters have had no problem whatsoever in criticizing him for substantive reasons — as in the backlash against his criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. NeverTrumpers still believe themselves to be the unique guardians of conservative orthodoxy and honest punditry.
The intersectionality-obsessed media claims Buttigieg doesn't have enough diversity points to run for president.
The open letter — Millionaires Against Pitchforks — has been released to coincide with the orgy of virtue-signalling by the globalist elite at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Populist eruptions and governments from Brexit to Budapest to President Trump are perceived as confirmation of their fears, necessitating increasingly ferocious efforts to defend liberal democratic pluralism and its virtues of openness, tolerance, and inclusivity.
Shortly after he took office on Monday, California's Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom unearthed an unprecedented new health care agenda for his state, aimed at offering dramatically more benefits to illegal immigrants and protecting the embattled Affordable Care Act, which a federal judge recently struck down as unconstitutional.
Ernst, one of the Senate’s leading government waste hawks, unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would end a carveout for millionaires to obtain a taxpayer-funded unemployment benefit during the coronavirus outbreak.
In truth, these examples are caricatures of Epicureanism. Epicureanism is not hedonism; rather, it abhors lack of restraint and shameless debauchery. After all, these things bring more pain than pleasure.
By Monday morning he was considering a dramatic move — invoking the Insurrection Act so that he could use federal troops to enforce the law. According to a senior defense official, Trump wanted 10,000 federal troops immediately on the streets to control a situation some aides believed could escalate dangerously.
Populist Interior Minister Matteo Salvini has slammed Saudi Arabia, the host of the Italian football Super Cup, for not allowing single women to attend the match without a man accompanying them.
The Citibank and Bank of America examples are just the tip of the iceberg, and do not even begin to reveal the larger financial shenanigans against gun makers via Operation Choke Point.
One of the bitterest cases in academe involved Steven Salaita, whose offer of a tenured faculty position at the University of Illinois was revoked in 2014 after he posted a series of tweets harshly critical of Israel.
Young white men, reacting to social and educational constructs that paint them as the embodiment of historical evil, are fertile ground for white supremacists.
So Acevedo’s war on gun shows would do little to prevent criminals from getting guns, but it might keep a grandpa from buying a shotgun he was going to use to duck hunt with his grandson.
King’s defense understandably rang hollow, as he has a long history of making comments ranging from insensitive to downright unacceptable.
We might note that at the time of this Texas ruling, national liberals were spluttering with outraged opposition.
Following a terrible school shooting in Parkland, Florida, last year, CNN hosted an anti-gun rally that whitewashed Sheriff Scott Israel’s fatal errors.
Can the loyalty of Trump voters withstand racial tensions, cities on fire, stores looted, and people being beaten and killed in the streets? Yes. If the left keeps comparing gun owners to slave owners. If they advocate throwing white women out of airplanes; if they beat their neighbors with two-by-fours; if they murder a 77-year-old former police chief and broadcast it on Facebook Live.
Mainstream media outlets continue to print false and defamatory descriptions of Breitbart News in a nakedly political effort to marginalize a growing competitor.
Issuing a defiant call to arms to grassroots Republicans, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon railed Friday against dangerous “global elites” and the Silicon Valley “lords of technology” whom he said are robbing U.S. citizens of jobs, wealth and opportunity.
The House Democrats’ coronavirus recovery bill allows several hundred thousand foreign workers to get college jobs or blue-collar jobs while millions of Americans lose their careers.
Polls show the transgender ideology is deeply unpopular, especially among women and parents.
The tragedy of America’s 18 years in Afghanistan has been a stubborn refusal to admit the Afghan government is incapable of standing on its own, no matter how much money is poured into it, how much training its troops are given, or how many of its battles American soldiers fight.
Politicians have no business directing or defining patriotism — especially when their rhetoric sounds like 1950s-era Soviet sloganeering.
Last week, Ankara broke the 2015 agreement with Brussels in which it would stop the illegal flow of migrants through Turkey in exchange for money and continuing EU accession talks, and opened the gates which resulted in thousands of migrants amassing on the near-east country’s land border with Greece.
Just a few weeks later, our divided leaders were taken by surprise by the pandemic, and bickered on cable news, asking why nothing was done sooner.
Just off the top of my head, CNN is already filled with useless and uninteresting Never Trump deadwood.
When carrying a firearm, you have the ultimate power of force in your control.
For far too many on the left, chaos is the point. Destruction is the goal. They prefer the unknown madness that lies ahead to whatever is still managing to (barely) hold us together in the present.
The transgender effort to suppress any recognition that men and women are different and complementary would not matter except for the movement’s political alliance with wealthy progressives and radical feminists who wish to destroy the political power of the male-and-female family.
Cuomo has been championed by the mainstream media for his response to the coronavirus pandemic in New York City, but his state-wide response to nursing homes deserves anything but the glowing praise he’s received.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren's radical immigration plans involves decriminalizing illegal immigration, increasing legal immigration, and ending all detention of illegal aliens, minus those deemed to be “a flight or safety risk.”
An illegal alien has been charged with enticing a 13-year-old girl through social media and raping her in Madison County, Alabama.
The doctors note that continuing abortions – some of which are likely to develop complications – place greater stress on a healthcare system that is under tremendous pressure at the current time.
Over the past few decades, RFK Jr.’s famous name has helped him get in the door to talk to important people, and it probably isn’t long before the person who is all jacked up to meet a Kennedy realizes the guy is totally cray-cray.
What is new is the direct indictment of white people as a race. This happened through a strange rhetorical transformation over the past few years.
The legislation ends criminal penalties for self-abortion and – in the case of an unborn baby who is the victim of a homicide – defines “person” as “a human being who has been born and is alive.”
And if we look at a subset of guns which the left  loves to deride - rifles, for instance - then a clearer picture about gun deaths is quickly visible.
Letters from GOP members of Congress and national pro-life leaders to the White House and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last week asserted Democrats are attempting to exploit the coronavirus pandemic for the purpose of advancing their party’s pro-abortion agenda.
Those filings are expected to show that Sen. Sanders, the so-called democratic socialist, made millions from book sales.
Chinese state media outlets have been bursting with criticism for President Donald Trump during the current round of riots, but the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) also tossed a few bricks at former President Barack Obama and his Democrat Party, needling them for doing little about racial issues and touting China’s efforts to care for its poor and disenfranchised as vastly superior to the Democrats’ half-hearted socialism.
Like many Never Trump screeds, Will’s criticisms are cloaked around the Republican party. His real issue, however, is with Trump voters. He blames the party for nominating Trump and stocking Congress with “invertebrates whose unswerving abjectness has enabled his institutional vandalism…” But if pro-Trump Congressmen are “invertebrates,” what does that make the Americans who voted for them?
Student debt increased by a whopping 107 percent between 2009 and 2019. Americans now owe $1.6 trillion in education loans. Policy wonks and politicians respond by concocting flashy plans that hardly solve the debt crisis.
Haqqani claimed the Taliban are just looking for a round of free and fair elections, laughably pretending the murderous Islamist extremists would cheerfully accept losing and head back to their caves in peace if the Afghan people reject them.
Thunberg lambasted business and political elites gathered at WEF Tuesday for not doing enough to tackle climate change, warning that time was running out.
The hot new idea to tax America’s rich is a wealth tax, which – although designed to target the wealthiest taxpayers – could end up eventually hurting middle-class families.
It was not stingy family leave policies that had this baby killed, it was the child’s mother, encouraged and enabled by a culture and legal regime that regard babies as a capstone consumer commodity to be ordered up when convenient, and violently disposed of when inconvenient.
For twenty days, from the day the first death from coronavirus was known, Democrats did nothing about it. They were too busy with the president’s impeachment trial — a trial Pelosi had delayed unnecessarily for several weeks.
House Democrats’ Chinese coronavirus relief package bails out coastal millionaires and billionaires while ensuring big businesses are able to freely hire illegal aliens and visa overstayers over unemployed Americans.
UFC Middleweight Champion Israel Adesanya’s comment that his opponent will "crumble like the Twin Towers", in addition to being terrible and inappropriate, also makes no sense. 
As shown below, women are harmed by Planned Parenthood, and the vulnerable––such as sex abuse victims and the unborn––are sacrificed for profit and political advance.
Never mind the fact that some of Trump’s strongest supporters have had no problem whatsoever in criticizing him for substantive reasons — as in the backlash against his criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. NeverTrumpers still believe themselves to be the unique guardians of conservative orthodoxy and honest punditry.
President Donald Trump in an interview on Wednesday ripped former Vice President Joe Biden for failing on race relations, after 43 years in public office.
The debt load for those who pursue law or medical school will undoubtedly be higher, and might be stacked on top of existing debt incurred by undergraduate degrees.
Since the Democrat Congress and the Obama administration orchestrated the government takeover of student loans in 2010 the total amount of student loan debt has exploded.
The Citibank and Bank of America examples are just the tip of the iceberg, and do not even begin to reveal the larger financial shenanigans against gun makers via Operation Choke Point.
Shortly after he took office on Monday, California's Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom unearthed an unprecedented new health care agenda for his state, aimed at offering dramatically more benefits to illegal immigrants and protecting the embattled Affordable Care Act, which a federal judge recently struck down as unconstitutional.
Despite Democrats regularly characterizing America as socially pathologized with anti-woman “sexism” and “misogyny” — where women face greater cultural, economic, political, and social adversities relative to men — Warren framed her sex as a political asset in comparison to her male competitors for the Democrats’ presidential nomination to defeat President Donald Trump in November’s general election.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee slammed Senate Democrats for blocking the legislation.
King’s defense understandably rang hollow, as he has a long history of making comments ranging from insensitive to downright unacceptable.
I get that the media really want to do some bullcrap horse-race point-scoring partisan sniping right now. But these are actually important questions. And “gotcha” reporting may get you butt-slapped by your fellow reporters at the bar, but it’s actually really dangerous.
My point is that it was a bait-and-switch, and not in a crazed, left-wing state like California. 
Military ships and aircraft have been deployed to coastal communities in southeastern Australia cut off by raging wildfires that have raced towards the coast, trapping thousands as the death toll from the apocalyptic blazes continues to grow.
President Trump's two-day visit to India turned to substance Tuesday after opening with a heavy dose of pomp and pageantry, but few concrete accomplishments were expected from the whirlwind trip.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., has taken Congress by storm, quickly becoming the de facto leader of the left-wing bloc of freshman Democrats seeking to overhaul the status quo with far-left ideas like the Green New Deal.
Trump's comments came during a mega-rally in the world's largest cricket stadium — part of an elaborate Indian welcome for a president who revels in pomp and pageantry.
This idea, gaining traction under the hashtag #CancelStudentDebt following the release of Sanders’ college debt forgiveness plan, is bad for several reasons, but naturally appealing in a sort of populist way, since plenty of people choose not to think about second-order impacts and potential consequences of driving our country into even more ruinous national debt than before.
The looting and riots and fires in blue cities across the country today reaffirm that it is not “justice” but “war” that today’s radicals have in mind. From a moment that brought all Americans together in their sense of right and wrong, politicians and groups bent on destabilizing the nation chose division…and got their way.
The government of the secretive central Asian nation Turkmenistan published photos of what it claimed to be thousands of cyclists celebrating World Health Day on Tuesday with a crowded ride through the nation’s capital, Ashgabat – one of several sporting events seemingly held with no concern for the Chinese coronavirus.
While the piece fairly analyzes the fracturing of the white nationalist movement, it makes the bizarre claim that ideas that are widely popular amongst mainstream conservatives, such as ending affirmative action, are actually white nationalist in origin.
Despite pre-existing and new guidelines, critical decisions made by governors and state leadership have, in some cases, exacerbated the crisis. In New York, Gov. Cuomo’s instruction for long-term care facilities to continue accepting patients with COVID-19 led to devastating results.
Trump’s latest anti-China barb came as new figures showed 30 million Americans have lost their jobs during lockdown.
As dear leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is fond of saying, “winners make policy, losers go home.” And yet unfortunately, Republicans in the Senate refuse to take the phrase to heart. Which is a real shame. We are just under 280 days into the Trump presidency, yet beyond nominations, Congress has made almost no progress passing the agenda America elected them to enact.
While these many similarities between Green New Deal and the constitution ushered in by Venezuelan leftist dictator Hugo Chavez in 1999 may be just happenstance, the important thing to remember is that Venezuela under its new constitution has become a disaster zone.
Abortion propaganda was always meant to obscure the reality of abortion, not justify it.
A specter is haunting the West; our elites see intolerant authoritarianism—along with a plethora of related “-phobias” and “-isms”—everywhere.
New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez casually spotlighted her revolutionary rejection of biology, sex, and the male-or-female society during a live Facebook chat in which she was asked about her views on the military draft.
Female genital mutilation is illegal in Germany, leading many families to travel to their country of origin to have the gruesome ritual performed on their daughters.
Transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox twice broke a female opponent’s skull to win matches and now he is being praised by some in the LGBT community.
A study shows that the number of children getting routine vaccines to protect them from dangerous diseases has dramatically declined in the wake of the coronavirus.
This is what Breitbart News has reported, based on publicly available data ignored by the anti-tariff crowd for over a year. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders’ (I-VT) immigration plan, which opens the border to all foreign nationals, was drafted by a handful of illegal alien staffers.
However, China’s record of successfully producing vaccines in recent years has been so abysmal that communist state media openly admit that they prefer using international manufacturers.
Rather than reducing federal subsidies to universities and placing the leftist institutions at the mercy of the free market, Obama wants to increase the amount students can borrow with interest from the government.
After Steve King’s offensive implication that white people own Western civilization, Chris Hayes predictably responded with an idiotic remark about Western civilization giving us Hitler.
So while these Republicans in D.C. are still lost in the mindset that voters will still support them because "they're not the other guys," that's not entirely true: promises were made, tens of millions of dollars were raised off said promises. Time to man up, Republicans, and fulfill those promises or else people might call you for what you're acting like right now: liars.
But make no mistake about it: Despite receiving widespread positive attention from many in the press, Ocasio-Cortez’s radical left-wing policy proposals and her socialist ideology present a significant threat to America’s economy and its longstanding commitment to individual liberty. 
He then criticized the attempt to lump Republicans and white nationalists into the same group.
The University of Southern California (USC) has fired two employees who allegedly accepted enormous bribes in exchange for facilitating the acceptance of dozens of students, the school has said in an official statement.
Male and female are the two sexes — but transgender advocates now claim more than 50 “genders” — including agender, bigender, gender fluid, gender non-conforming, genderqueer, intersex, two-spirit, etc, plus “cis-gender” for the 99+ percent of people who are normal, non-transgender people.
Obama’s claim that “history” was on his side is arguably false. The massive, historically unprecedented wave of immigrants crashing across the U.S. southern border is a political phenomenon, set in motion by the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act and accelerated by the Obama administration’s disastrous Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA).
Free trade has helped gut working and middle class American jobs and stripped whole middle American towns of their industries and livelihoods.
Other than the fact that none of the above is even close to the truth and that the entire premise of the article is the fakest of fake news, the Daily Beast has a real bombshell on its hands.
Last week, Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy released a three-minute video in which he vigorously ranted against the ongoing lockdowns. Portnoy’s basic point was that the goalposts have shifted from “flatten the curve” to “find a cure.”
The whole anti-vaxx (as it became known) thing was nuts, a way for fading celebrities to pretend to be the vanguard of a Great Cause that Saved The Children from a sinister government conspiracy.
The biggest problem for NeverTrump, however, is the pitiful performance of the Republican Congress, which has been unable to act on its core priorities, and reinforces the notion that only Trump is strong enough to lead the party.
A majority of Americans do not agree with Democrats’ gun violence demagoguery. 
Factual analyses have dismantled this false narrative put forth by some in the mainstream media.
For Democrats, this wave or new regulation, censorship, and civic pressure will free the less-than-one-percent of people who say they are transgender from the oppressive, outdated rules of male-dominated supremacy.
During a speech to Young America’s Foundation’s 41st annual National Conservative Student Conference, Hawley slammed the “reigning consensus” of Washington, D.C.’s ruling class that asserts free trade and endless immigration are vital to meet the needs of corporate leaders, the business lobby, and the donor class while ignoring its impact on middle-class Americans.
Hungary is backing President Trump in his crackdown on migrants claiming asylum at the southern border -- as the government touts its own success in drastically reducing the influx of migrants into the country.
Following a terrible school shooting in Parkland, Florida, last year, CNN hosted an anti-gun rally that whitewashed Sheriff Scott Israel’s fatal errors.
Over 70,000 women in Germany have been subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM), and a further 17,000 young girls are at risk of having the barbaric procedure being committed against them.
Appearing Tuesday Cheddar Live, Rep. Maxine Waters (D) formally endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for the White House, claiming that President Donald Trump is “destroying America” and advocating for the killing of both black and white children in the wake of nationwide protests over the death of George Floyd.
Here’s an irony: Thanks to Roe, America is a whiter place than it would otherwise have become. If pro-lifers had had their way, on the other hand, America would be considerably blacker and browner than it is today.
The open letter — Millionaires Against Pitchforks — has been released to coincide with the orgy of virtue-signalling by the globalist elite at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Even a member of French President Emmanuel Macron’s La République en Marche! (LREM/Republic on the Move) slammed the sports hijab.
The idea of exposing your child to something that could potentially harm her, and in a catastrophic way, is terrifying.
Lawmakers specifically said they want to protect women from facing unfair competition from men who claim to be transgender women.
Sargent has written leftist pieces at the Washington Post for years. In March 2016, Sargent called then-candidate Donald Trump a “nightmare nominee,” saying that not even white men like Trump.
The Turkmen government also published photos of contact sporting events such as wrestling and martial arts, which most of the world has canceled to prevent the spread of the deadly pathogen originating in central Wuhan, China.
The self-flattering conceit that sustains NeverTrump’s criticism is that Trump supporters are participating in a cult of personality. 
We just survived eight years of a messianic presidency, with a finger-wagging, patriotism-appropriating administration lecturing us on how to be proper Americans.
MSNBC anchor Katy Tur on Wednesday boldly declared that there was “almost no middle class” in America.
Populist eruptions and governments from Brexit to Budapest to President Trump are perceived as confirmation of their fears, necessitating increasingly ferocious efforts to defend liberal democratic pluralism and its virtues of openness, tolerance, and inclusivity.
Ironically, bans on “high-capacity” magazines are part of the Bloomberg campaign’s gun control push, yet a Virginia Tech review board found that such a ban would have had a negligible impact on the results of the 2007 attack.
He’s a 78-year-old white male millionaire seeking the affections of the wokesters, a gruff socialist with bedraggled hair and terrifying policy proposals.
Pelosi made similar comments claiming that President Trump’s possible re-election threatens the world as House Democrats readied two articles of impeachment against the president.
Given these bleak prospects, students who go to college to “find themselves” are likely to waste precious time and money because they lack a clear vision. 
Breaking store windows, setting buildings on fire, vandalizing monuments to American heroes, leaving graffiti threats on synagogue walls, attacking Christian churches and tombstones, terrorizing the living, and giving no peace to the dead— these are the great accomplishments of Antifa and those they egg on.
Father Horan was one of the many voices from the Catholic Left who joined the mainstream media lynching of students from Covington Catholic High School this weekend, rashly judging them as racists without bothering to ascertain what actually happened, simply because some of the boys were wearing MAGA hats.
More than 100 gang members from El Salvador are among the massive wave of migrants that's poured across the border in recent months, with nearly 400 illegal immigrants nabbed trying to cross en masse last week and a group of more than 100 caught scaling a wall Monday, beleaguered border officials said.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., has taken another shot at President Trump amid their ongoing feud, saying he cannot conceive of an immigration system that didn't involve torture or hurting innocent people.
What this means is that in these particular countries, local law enforcement agree to not enforce anti-gun laws, especially dangerous radical ones like confiscation, bans, mandatory registration, and limiting the size of magazines.
The explosion of the Hispanic population has long-term job prospect consequences as well: Both legal and illegal aliens will occupy 75 percent of new American jobs in as little as five years.
An angry Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) slammed Democrats for voting against the bill and blamed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for nixing bipartisan negotiations over a coronavirus package.
Nancy Pelosi Proposes 1,400-Page Coronavirus Bill Stuffed with Pork
First Joe Biden said he still supported the Hyde Amendment, which prohibits taxpayer funding of most abortions, , then changed his position one day later, after tremendous political pressure from farther-left Democrats.
Sanders praises the radical Green New Deal, champions a Medicare for All plan with a $34 trillion price tag, nods to abortion as a means of population control, and defends bread lines and Fidel Castro’s Cuba. 
The numbers finding broad American approval of Trump illustrate the catastrophe of the impeachment proceedings backfiring on Democrats that were precisely intended to bring the president’s approval numbers down.
Top Democrat and GOP members of the House Armed Services Committee ducked and dodged when a Pentagon official said the sex of transgender soldiers is decided by their biology, not by their claimed “gender identity.”
Leonhardt’s column in the New York Times provides more evidence that elite Americans are so enamored of immigration and diversity that they would throw the college graduate class under the bus rather than give up their visions of ruling over a chaotic and fractured “diverse” society.
One of the bitterest cases in academe involved Steven Salaita, whose offer of a tenured faculty position at the University of Illinois was revoked in 2014 after he posted a series of tweets harshly critical of Israel.
For several years, climate change doomsayers have turned their attention to cattle, as a series of reports demonstrated that “livestock emissions” are more dangerous for the environment than automobiles.
They will not do that by making the Department of Justice even less accountable to elected officials, as Democrats are demanding. They will do it by slashing and burning the bureaucracy and its powers. Government by and for the people will perish from the earth if unelected officials are capable of weaponizing government against the people’s elected representatives.
CNN national correspondent John King ripped President Donald Trump for not mentioning climate change in his second State of the Union address.
As part of Pelosi’s coronavirus plan, House Democrats slipped in multiple measures from their H.R. 1 legislation that would implement nationwide ballot harvesting for federal elections — effectively allowing political operatives to collect and deliver an endless number of absentee ballots from voters.
Students across India on Tuesday stood in solidarity against a vicious weekend attack on a prestigious New Delhi university by masked men wielding sticks that led to 40 students and staff being sent to the hospital.
After years of openly struggling with her weight (and health) and a seemingly self-imposed sabbatical from political lectures after backing Hillary Clinton in ’16, actress Lena Dunham announced to the world that it was Joaquin Phoenix’s unhinged Oscars tirade on the environment that has made her want to become vegan.
As part of his plan to protect the commonwealth of Virginia from the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus, Gov. Ralph Northam determined that citizens should not be allowed to attend church or worship services, but are fine travel to an abortion clinic and undergo an elective procedure like surgical abortion.
Model and left-wing activist Emily Ratajkowski celebrated Easter Sunday, the most important day in the Christian calendar, by posting racy photos of herself in a thong.
After that phone call, police asked the couple to come in for questioning, prompting them to flee Saudi Arabia, a country long known for draconian laws against homosexuality.
Much of this health hazard lies at the feet of folks like RFK Jr., so the idea that Trump was doing the anti-vax slow-jam with this quack a week before Inauguration Day understandably put Twitterverse over the edge
Biden made the apocalyptic pronouncement while discussing climate change before a crowd of supporters in Peterborough, New Hampshire.
The issue of mandatory vaccination is once again an item of debate in media circles given the recent outbreaks in measles, and fueled this week by the continued inability of politicians to discuss vaccination policy without sounding like anti-science fools.
Americans Need To Stop Hurrying Young People Into Student Debt Slavery. Above all, we must give high schoolers personalized post-secondary educational recommendations before they get caught in the quagmire of student debt.
The fear was well-deserved, since Trump has also made a number of dangerous comments about vaccines, linking immunizations to cases of autism and suggesting we need different vaccination schedules for small children…
While President Trump visited the southern border Thursday, Democratic darling Beto O’Rourke visited the dentist — posting a bizarre video showing him getting a mouth-wide-open cleaning in order to highlight the story of his dental hygienist’s upbringing in El Paso.
So it was creepy when Obama was trying to replace American idealism with progressivism and calling it “economic patriotism,” and it’s creepy when Trump does basically the same thing under the guise of economic nationalism.
Banks lamented that China has now become a partisan issue simply because Trump has blamed China for trying to hide the discovery of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China, and allowing it to spread to the rest of the world.
Former Vice President Joe Biden lied on Monday about his past position on the best way to deal with the novel Wuhan coronavirus rapidly spreading worldwide that would eventually bloom into a global pandemic.
President Trump poked fun at Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., Sunday for vowing to tackle climate change as she kicked off her 2020 presidential campaign in a snowy, freezing Minneapolis park.
We might note that at the time of this Texas ruling, national liberals were spluttering with outraged opposition.
During a rare public address last week, the former president appeared to challenge Trumpism while urging U.S. voters to resist detractors of American democracy
Harris is also pushing legislation that would dramatically expand the legal and financial incentives for hundreds of thousands of Indian low-wage college graduates to take U.S.-based jobs from U.S. college graduates.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is aggressively pushing a new wealth tax – which she’s dubbed the “UltraMillionaireTax” – ahead of this weekend’s formal presidential campaign launch, but keeps running into the same question from critics: Is it even constitutional?
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi debuted a 1,120-page coronavirus rescue bill after Democrats tanked the Senate proposal on Sunday night.
In truth, these examples are caricatures of Epicureanism. Epicureanism is not hedonism; rather, it abhors lack of restraint and shameless debauchery. After all, these things bring more pain than pleasure.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on Tuesday blasted President Donald Trump’s border wall as a “monument to hate” and a “monument to himself.”
For our friends on the Left, Trump’s refusal to wear a mask is irresponsible toxic masculinity that is sending the wrong message and getting people killed, even though Dr. Deborah Brix has explained it’s not much of a risk. Biden, meanwhile, to their minds is leading by example by wearing his mask even when there is no good reason he should.
Maynor’s story underscores a harsh reality: Youth sports is a multi-billion dollar industry in the U.S. and not every kid has the chance to participate.
The intersectionality-obsessed media claims Buttigieg doesn't have enough diversity points to run for president.
It obviously works extremely well for Democrats, a large faction and the leadership of which appears to be as impervious to facts as anti-vaxxers and QAnon followers.
Of course, the demands of tolerance are not universal. The strong gods are still suppressed and exiled, and the heretic-hunting inquisitors of diversity have become more paranoid and vindictive in triumph.
Donald Trump’s victory last November was not just a repudiation of the Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton. No, 2016 was a revolt against the entire Washington establishment, both on the left and the right. Don’t forget, Trump blew away everyone in the Republican primary too, from accomplished governors to Jeb Bush (R) from Tea Party darlings to washed up Senators. Trump wiped the floor with them.
Some people hate Trump and mock everything from his geography gaffes to his appearance. They’ve done the same thing with Rush. All of this mockery and vitriol is just an attempt to thwart their real success in revolutionizing American culture and politics.
Social media users were quick to point out the interactions and slammed McGuire for appearing to undermine Coyne Schofield’s hockey skills.
The words and notions of all these documents (Green New Deal, Venezuelan Constitution, UN Covenant “International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, Stalin-written Soviet Constitution) may sound good to some, but in the end, they are just empty words at best, a siren call for the naïve, beckoning them to a socialist utopia, and at worst, lip service meant to distract from totalitarian brutality.
Loeffler blamed leftist media, especially the Daily Beast, for perpetuating narratives that she might have violated statutes against insider trading. She continued, noting that the media created the narrative against her because, like President Donald Trump, she is a political outsider.
As Congress begins debating the Equality Act, the Heritage Foundation warns that if the bill becomes law it will prove the death knell for women’s sports.
Ernst, one of the Senate’s leading government waste hawks, unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would end a carveout for millionaires to obtain a taxpayer-funded unemployment benefit during the coronavirus outbreak.
China – the country that throws its minorities into concentration camps and uses them for slave labor, the brutal authoritarian regime driven by Han Chinese racial supremacist ideology, the government that thinks nothing of wiping out entire villages if it needs to build a few dams quickly to put on a good show for the Olympics – boasted of its superior compassion and tolerance in the pages of the CCP’s Global Times on Monday
Holding a face mask draped over a pen in his left hand, and reading from a script evidently placed slightly off-camera, Biden labored through a presentation that sought to portray Trump as a plutocrat serving his cronies.
The American Petroleum Institute's (API's) estimates were released two days before South Carolina's Democratic primary, where the candidates will compete with platforms that push aggressive agendas on energy and the environment.
Alex Berenson, a former reporter at the New York Times who has written extensively debunking fearmongering claims related to the lockdowns wrote on Twitter Thursday that the tech giant to benefit the most from pandemic stay-home orders is refused to sell his latest book.
Tens of millions of children under 12 months are potentially at risk for diseases such as diphtheria and polio as the Chinese coronavirus pandemic interrupts routine vaccinations, according to data published by global public health experts on Friday.
So it appears McCabe is allowed to lie to federal investigators about corruption affecting the U.S. government, cover it up with more lies, and get off scot-free even though what he did is a crime, while Stone faces years in prison for lying about gossip that affected nothing of public importance.
Bush, who has largely avoided politics since leaving office in 2009, has recently weighed in on the Chinese coronavirus pandemic and the death of George Floyd — and while neither statement mentioned President Trump by name, they were regarded as veiled swipes at his handling of both matters.
Until recently, there seemed to be no broader plan behind NeverTrump’s early, and vigorous, opposition to Trump and his administration. But the contours of a plan have begun to emerge, particularly on social media, where the movement’s criticism of Trump alternates with praise for some of his opponents in the 2016 Republican primary.
But the president kept his word when it came to the Court. It’s still early in the Trump era, of course, and we really have no idea how the residual political effects of our acute partisan battles or investigations or ugly rhetoric or the often-incompetent presidency will manifest in the long term.
For a fleeting moment on Tuesday, the political universe was kumbayaing in mutual disgust at Donald Trump’s meeting with Robert Kennedy Jr.
President of Belarus refuses to cancel sports and scoffs at ‘Psychosis’ of coronavirus measures.
Six Republican Senators have failed to develop a coalition for their plan that exchanges a fifth of border wall funding for an amnesty for illegal aliens and increased immigration.
Hispanic foreigners attending the town hall — Fox News Latino did not say whether they were legal or illegal aliens — told Obama they feared that federal Judge Andrew Hansen’s stay on Obama’s executive order will force them to return to their home countries.
While sexual ambiguity does occasionally occur, the authors note, “intersex individuals are extremely rare, and they are neither a third sex nor proof that sex is a ‘spectrum’ or a ‘social construct.’”
House Republicans are gearing up for a sustained push to expose leftist Democrats in the House Democrat majority on their increasingly extreme views on abortion.
Many conservatives came to Hawley’s defense, slamming Tapper’s attack on the Missouri senator.
Amazon first refused to publish a book skeptical of the mainstream narrative on the novel Wuhan coronavirus while still continuing to promote works by anarchists and Adolf Hitler.
Tellingly, when not constrained by the debate format, these same politicians push the same narrative to garner support for bailing out student loans, all while the media provides the Democrats a free assist.
Populist Interior Minister Matteo Salvini has slammed Saudi Arabia, the host of the Italian football Super Cup, for not allowing single women to attend the match without a man accompanying them.
Donald Trump claimed he has seen evidence the new coronavirus originated in a Chinese lab, as he threatened tariffs on Beijing over its role in the global pandemic.
China’s state-run media quickly seized on the obsessions of their American counterparts over the weekend by linking President Donald Trump to “white nationalism”
Anti-vaxxers represent only about 2 percent of American families, although you’d be forgiven for thinking they’re more numerous. They certainly make a lot of noise and have some world-famous adherents. However, like malaria-carrying mosquitoes, this tiny group that punches above its weight may be on the verge of creating a public health problem for us all.
One driving force behind the record rates of youth sports officials and referees quitting is increasingly abusive and belligerent behavior by parents, including verbal abuse, threats and even fights.
In his failed bid for the Democrat nomination for 2020, Beto O’Rourke said churches that oppose same-sex marriage should lose their tax-exempt status.  In other words, toe the non-Biblical party line or else!
Impeachment Is Just Another Word For Delusional Democrats Holding The Nation Hostage
Next came the sob stories. Those student loans are suffocating a generation, the candidates suggested. After all, “40 million of us who can’t start a family,” the diaper-changing daddy Swalwell contradictorily proclaimed, adding that they “Can’t take a good idea and start a business and can’t buy our first home.”
President Donald Trump ridiculed Democrats promoting the Green New Deal on Thursday, during a campaign rally in Iowa.
Democrats Push Pork for Planned Parenthood in Coronavirus Package
We did consent to the lockdowns and now are suffering under the insanity that has flowed from them—economic suicide and petty local laws that serve no purpose other than to nanny us into submission.
Donald Trump has taken heat for mostly refusing to mask up while performing his duties. This left the Biden camp with a choice to make when Joe woke up from political hibernation, and they went all in.
Franciscan friar Father Daniel Horan, a pro-LGBT priest and professor who will be speaking at the upcoming Los Angeles Religious Education Congress, took to Twitter this weekend to bash the March for Life and condemn without trial a group of white Catholic high school boys as “racists” for supposedly “taunting” a Native American man beating a drum.
Abortionists, who prey on desperate people, should no longer receive your hard-earned tax dollars.
Today’s mainstream media doesn’t want you to remember, but the early days of feminism were rife with ideological battles and  backstabbing that would put a medieval court to shame.
Republicans will claim that they prioritize pro-life policies, and democrats will keep abortion sacrosanct.
Newly empowered Democrats in Washington and statehouses across the country are flexing their legislative muscle with a host of tax proposals that would affect billionaires and blue collar alike.
As people sip cafecito and eat croquetas at the landmark restaurant, the buzz here these days is what Cubans say is the alarming rise of Democratic presidential frontrunner Sen. Bernie Sanders, whose unabashed defense of late Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has riled Cuban-Americans who view his comments as a personal attack.
A three-year-old girl in China’s Jiangsu province died after receiving a rabies vaccination last month, an ominous development in light of persistent scandals over low-quality and improperly-handled vaccines.
Since the beginning, Biden has been grasping at the coattails of America’s first black president and relying on his administration’s laurels related to Obamacare, race relations, gun restrictions, and climate change.
But the British Government — and this one’s Conservative; imagine what a Labour one would be like! — is so wedded to green ideology and so nervous of the well-funded anti-fracking campaign industry that it has imposed such extreme precautionary principles on shale gas exploration that the fracking industry has effectively been strangled at birth with red tape.
In February, Breitbart News’s John Binder reported that Trump’s travel ban halted almost all legal immigration from countries designated as sponsors of terrorism.
While Democrats were diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
Democrats are shortsighted if they simply believe that creating new limits on gun ownership will increase Americans’ safety.
Jose Acosta, 33-year-old Honduran immigrant, snuck into the U.S. eight months ago in Eagle Pass, Texas, but was apprehended weeks later in Houston on his way to a job in North Carolina.
Oh for crying out loud. The desperation. Imagine if you got your news only from the New York Times, and how bigoted that would make you against non-liberals.
For the latest grisly example of hypocrisy, “progressive” cronyism, feminist cry-bullying, and Deep State entrenchment, look no further than Britain’s Chief Medical Officer Dame Sally Davies.
While Democrats were busy diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
The American president’s threat to reverse that decision and impose the metals tariffs is the latest example of his mercurial approach to trade policy.
Officials at Dartmouth College looked the other way this week when a group of leftist student activists disrupted classes to bring attention to their support for the Green New Deal.
If China’s actions in the coronavirus catastrophe offer any window into this communist regime’s machinations, deceitfulness, and debasement of human life, it is that the threat they represent is unlike anything America has faced.
In addition to mocking Ivanka for her looks, the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike demeans the First Daughter’s success as a business woman and White House advisor to that of a woman with a vacuum—as if something’s wrong with that, too. 
Climate Wunderkind Greta Thunberg has garnered gushing praise from celebrities during her environmental crusade.
Jurek, a Sanders staffer in Iowa, was caught arguing that gulags were beneficial for the Soviet Union and suggesting they could be used to re-educate both Trump voters and billionaires.
A plan known as the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act is a boon to Silicon Valley billionaires, big business elites, and outsourcing firms, as they would be able to readily import more lower-paid Indian and Chinese foreign workers to take American jobs that would have otherwise gone to American citizens.
The president’s likely opponent in the November elections, Democrat Joe Biden, was not among those who were inspired. Instead, tone-deaf as he is to the American people and the things of the Spirit, he said the president’s appearance outside the church shows he “is more interested in power than in principle.”
Not content to recede gracefully, or even to steer clear of various conspiracies on par with fluoride and gay frogs, Miss Havisham is still at it. This time, she’s got a righteous burn for President Trump, imagining how John F. Kennedy would have sounded had he written a letter to former Soviet leader Nikita Kruschev along the lines of Trump’s recent letter to Turkish President Recep Erdogan.
For starters, Gautney, per her Twitter profile, is an associate professor of sociology at Fordham University, a private school located in New York City. None of this is a problem on its own; in a free society, people should be able to tweet whatever dumb things they want while working in whichever industry or field of research.
The Times’ about-face was just one example of a little Orwellian campaign that’s sprung up in the liberal media since the Disneyland measles outbreak to try to rewrite history by shoehorning vaccine opposition into the shopworn trope that it is conservatives who are “anti-science.”
The declaration that a man’s penis becomes a female penis once a man declares himself to be transgender is built on the transgender claim that men who say they are women are actually women. 
U.S. women’s soccer team co-captain Megan Rapinoe is begging prominent male soccer stars to must begin agitating for political causes.
Ultimately, the best way to defeat the idea of white supremacy is to ignore cartoon villains like Spencer and Anglin. They’re bigots, losers, and attention-seekers who survive on the oxygen the media gives them.
The idea behind the conspiracy is that these miracle vaccines — and they are medical miracles — can cause autism, when there is no data to back that up.
There was no immediate confirmation from US officials about the alleged plan to slash US troop numbers in Germany and cap them at 25,000 in future. But Trump’s lukewarm support of longstanding cooperation agreements with European allies has long caused alarm on the continent.
A federal judge dismissed the United States women’s soccer team’s bid for equal pay on Friday, rejecting claims the players had been underpaid in a crushing defeat for the reigning world champions.
We used to think of interracial marriage as a sign of social progress. Now, thanks to The New York Times, we know it’s just another sinister tool of white supremacy.
President Donald Trump touted how his reversal of Obama-era regulations on the fossil fuel industry has led to the United States being the largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world during his State of the Union address on Tuesday at the U.S. Capitol.
The government wants to usurp parents, any chance they get. What consequences does this have in the lives of American families?
CNN anchor Chris Cuomo was quick to defend climate activist Greta Thunberg from "Trumpers" who mocked her on Thursday but was quickly reminded about the settlement his network recently made with Covington Catholic High School student Nick Sandmann.
Republicans, however, are likely to vehemently oppose the plan to tax the wealthy.
High unemployment numbers among foreign-born nationals have been an issue that has plagued Sweden for years, with reports often showing the migrant unemployment rate as being several times higher than that of native Swedes.
While it’s perfectly evident that Trump does have racist supporters (which he is suspiciously reluctant to condemn), many contend that Trumpism is itself not racist, but merely a justified reaction to the Left’s racial patronage.
But Bannon — the former Harvard Business School grad, Goldman Sachs managing director, and Hollywood mogul — cast California as a linchpin in the fight to halt the spread of what he called the globalist and elitist agenda. He urged Republicans to organize, rise up — and put up a fight to hold on to California House seats that are considered vulnerable in 2018.
As Santa Claus loads his sleigh led by flying reindeer, climate change proponents are spreading the story of the animals’ plight because of global warming.
Americans crashed the Selective Service Agency’s website in early January because of a false rumor that signing up for federal student aid through FAFSA also meant signing up for the draft. Luckily, it turns out that 18-year-olds don’t have to go to boot camp when they apply for student loans. But they could be signing up for burdensome debt.
There can be no serious discussion of this issue, however, in 60-second sound bites. So, beyond the soak-the-rich shtick that shades every Democratic economic debate point, the candidates resorted to two tactics: shock and sob stories.
Planned Parenthood, the abortion industry giant says the “white supremacy” and “systemic bias in policing” that “took George Floyd’s life” are the same factors involved in “attacks” on women’s abortion rights.
Democrats have made it clear they will sandbag the people we’ve elected to govern if we refuse to vote for Democrats. 
Borrowing from Hillary Clinton, leftist Italian media have labeled those attending the pro-family Congress a “list of deplorables,” calling pro-life and pro-family advocates “neofascists” and “homophobes.”
Greenpeace co-founder and former president of Greenpeace Canada Patrick Moore explained to Breitbart News how Greenpeace’s original spirit of celebrating humanity was usurped by an anti-human Malthusian vision.
White people are being asked—or pushed—to take stock of their whiteness and identify with it more. This is a remarkably bad idea.
Among rich lefties, perhaps, this new reality was acceptable, as it dovetailed with their guilt over their own success.
Hillary’s letter is painful. It’s riddled with stilted speech and a weak attempt to use swear words like that other future has-been who at least can kind of skateboard and pretend to air drum. Whether or not you agreed with Trump’s approach, at least his fondness for cuss words is authentic, something Hilldog struggles with.
The DACA amnesty-for-wall funding plan is despised by Trump’s most loyal supporters who have warned the administration against caving to the big business lobby and billionaire donor class, both of which have pushed for an amnesty for illegal aliens for the last two years.
The U.S. manufacturing jobs boom comes as free trade economists, billionaire donors, and establishment media pundits have routinely claimed that Trump’s 25 percent tariff on imported steel and ten percent tariff on aluminum would cripple the American economy.
The irony, of course, is that the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike reflects every stereotype feminists claim to stand against, oversexualizing Ivanka’s body and ignoring her hard work.
At the time, Moynihan was primarily concerned that irresponsible politicians promising their constituents an insupportable array of handouts would jeopardize America’s economic well-being. 
And in return for the value you have created, the employment you have provided and the tax revenue you have generated, all you get is a bunch of chippy socialists and whiny Remoaners accusing you of being selfish, greedy, and unpatriotic.
In February, Mexican illegal alien Pablo Hernandez was driving a pick-up truck when he struck a six-year-old boy and a 16-year-old teenage boy as they were crossing the street. 
Of all the pandering showcased during Democrats’ attempts to win back the presidency, wiping out student debt ranked at or near the top.
Should China be the first country to develop an effective vaccine, dictator Xi Jinping has promised to provide the world with “free” coronavirus vaccines paid for by Beijing. 
On one hand, naive teenagers who signed off their financial futures to leftist, anti-American institutions would catch a break. The college cartel screwed you; now here’s a government waiver to make you forever grateful to the Democrats. 
Thus far in the 2020 presidential campaign, Biden has flippantly downplayed the threat from China, only to quickly walk back his comments when he faced backlash.
The astute observer will note that China is not exactly eager to take in large numbers of migrants or refugees from beyond its borders.
During the campaign, it was clear that much of the momentum behind NeverTrump was driven by narcissism, as well as by self-interest. NeverTrump gambled on a Hillary Clinton victory, preparing to blame Trump supporters and hoping to take revenge.
These numbers also help illuminate Democrats’ thinking: Since Trump has no wiggle room with his base, they are content to watch consequences pile up, driving Trump’s overall numbers further into the ditch.
Though the author reserved much of his political bile for Democrats, he also attacked Republicans and espoused some left-wing views, claiming that “our lifestyle is destroying the environment of our country.”
The two men are known to be friendly and frequently golf together at Mar-a-lago. But apart from their friendship, Trump should feel a great bond with Limbaugh. After all, without his three decades of on-air bombast, bluster, and fearless defense of his audience, there likely would not be a President Trump.
Rowe then dismantled each of Atkins’ unsubstantiated points. He lambasted celebrities for constantly broadcasting their political opinions as though their views have any impact on most Americans.
Michael Mann, arguably the world’s no. 1 climate alarmist, does not explain how it was possible for him to witness climate change “first hand,” which would be difficult to do, since by definition climate change — unlike weather — takes place over long periods of time.
Rep. Steve King’s (R-Iowa) comments on race earlier this month elicited a warranted firestorm of indignation across American politics and media.
This argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state is also an extension of the dishonest taunt that conservative Christians only care about babies before they’re born.
This would not be the first time Biden has been criticized for his ideas on combatting climate change, which – in the past – have paled in comparison to the ideas offered by ultra-progressive Sanders, who rolled out a massive $16 trillion Green New Deal plan this week.
AP Confirms: Democrats Are Lying to the Public About Coronavirus Readiness...
While falling short of calling half the nation “deplorable” as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did in 2016, the comments echo a deep disdain for a large population of the country increasingly perpetuated by left-wing elites in the wake of the George Floyd protests characterizing the U.S. as irredeemably racist.
Liberals, sadly, were not prepared to let whiteness remain Times New Roman. They poked and they prodded, and eventually got the resentful backlash they were provoking.
Parents held rare public demonstrations as fears of a government cover-up grew, driven by a history of vaccine problems turning out to be much worse than Chinese officials originally admitted, combined with the government’s tendency to suppress popular discontent and suppress those who ask awkward questions.
Take, for example, the four reliably liberal Supreme Court justices, all of whom believe it’s OK to compel Americans to pay dues to political organizations they disagree with, to coerce them to say things they abhor, and to compel them to create things that undermine their principles.
Remember how incensed people got when Trump floated his (admittedly, impractical) ideological test for immigrants.
In his ongoing effort to differentiate between himself and Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden is touting background checks but ignoring the fact they do not stop mass public attackers.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., Thursday released a sweeping immigration plan that would dramatically increase the number of refugee admissions by nearly 800 percent from FY 2018 and 250 percent from the Obama years.
On Tuesday, AOC once again ignited a media firestorm when she continued bashing President Trump's administration by alluding to Nazi Germany while describing the way Trump detained migrant families on the border.
Top Six Awful Democrat Ideas Senate Republicans Blocked from Coronavirus Bill...
Michael Mann, arguably the world’s no. 1 climate alarmist, goes on to make proclamations that only a publication as ideologically compromised as the Guardian would think to publish.
During her acceptance speech for best actress in a limited television series for Fosse/Vernon, Williams went on a bizarre rant about the need for abortion rights in the United States and for American women to vote for pro-choice candidates during election years.
The new “wealth tax” is not out of character for Warren, who has long railed against income inequality and the uber-rich, but would mark a move to the left by the party as a whole if it were adopted.
But, yeah, good work each and every one of you reporters who made this fake story something to waste time on this week. You’re all hacks.
Why did Democrats vote overwhelmingly against a bill that would require infants born alive after abortion to be treated as any other infant born at that gestational age? Because abortion is the right to destroy one’s own child, and if a woman chose to kill her baby, to the left it would seem a violation of her so-called right to choose for doctors to try to save that baby.
A gaggle of representatives from theologically liberal denominations recently issued a statement against Christian nationalism in America, claiming that it threatens both American democracy and the ability of our religious communities to live in peace.
Bernie Sanders Is Crazy, But The Only Democrat Candidate Voters Actually Like
Young white men, reacting to social and educational constructs that paint them as the embodiment of historical evil, are fertile ground for white supremacists.
In response to Hawley’s criticisms, Sargent went to his blog Monday night to accuse Hawley of racialist dog-whistles.
Perhaps that is why both Warren and Sanders have gone out of their way to hammer home the fact that their proposals would only affect the wealthiest Americans.
The U.S. moved aggressively over the past year to reduce the number of asylum seekers arriving at its southwest border through a series of measures aimed at making it a less attractive option.
A professor who teaches climate change classes — a subject some would question as a legitimate area of study — said she has seen students who suffer fear, grief, stress, and anxiety about the future.
The author of the piece Omar tweeted out seemed to have no problem with wiping out $1.5 trillion in student loan debt and promising everyone a subsidized higher education.
For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments. To left-wing politicians who think the state should hand out more subsidies, this might as well have been Armageddon.
To the thinking person, the claim doesn’t make sense. How could this be a new phenomenon adopted from the small white nationalist movement when mainstream conservatives have been fighting to end affirmative action for decades?
Now that most of America has begun opening back up without the predicted spikes in coronavirus and Joe Biden has left his basement bunker, Americans are remembering that there’s an election going on. As normalcy quickly returns some places, so to has the battle for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Looking around the United States, there is never enough welfare for the left to stop killing developing humans in utero—solidly Democratic states lead the nation in abortion rates. 
For the most part however, Biden’s campaign has faded into the background of American politics as the nation struggles to combat the coronavirus pandemic and a new surge in violent demonstrations engulfing the country in a storm of anarchy.
However, social media watchdogs are foaming at the mouth over the choice to place a teen climate activist on a panel with public health experts.
The flurry of hirings brought the NFL under fire Tuesday from those who think the league’s “Rooney Rule” – an NFL policy that requires teams to interview minority candidates for head coaching and senior football operations jobs – doesn't do what it's intended to do.
In July 2019, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., and other Democrats visited a similar processing center in Clint, Texas, and made explosive allegations about the conditions there.
Nevertheless, the media jihad continues, and that includes NBC shamelessly running a debunked and deceptive smear story that had been reported on and debunked all the way back in May.
Many of the U.S. Border Patrol agents on the front lines of the U.S. effort to secure the southern border with Mexico bristle at what they see as public misconceptions and media mischaracterization of their work.
While no one is praising Trump as a thought leader in the way Limbaugh has been, he’s undeniably made conservative ideas tangible for average Americans.
Even if Trump is “unraveling” as Never Trumpers are wont to claim, his supporters won’t disappear on November 4th. George Will and the leftists many Never Trumpers now ally themselves with must reconcile their perception of the American people with reality.
Transgender ideology says each persons’ preferences are — and should be — unconnected from their bodies. It says that men and women are interchangeable, and can switch their sex by switching their own sense of “gender identity” so that men who say they are women really do become biological women, complete with female penises.
The devil is in the details, however, since—while some charter schools are effective in achieving student success—others have been examples of cronyism and corruption as a result of arrangements between politicians and private businesses.
USA Today Sports published a broadside against youth tackle football, claiming that the sport is just too dangerous for children.
Rep. Al Green (D-TX) at a hearing on Wednesday perpetuated the hoax that President Trump called white nationalists at a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in 2017 “very fine people.”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) on Monday waxed hyperbolic about the 2020 presidential election, telling an audience that “civilization as we know it is at stake.”
Mainstream media outlets continue to print false and defamatory descriptions of Breitbart News in a nakedly political effort to marginalize a growing competitor.
American manufacturing jobs have boomed to a more than 20-year high as President Trump has imposed a wide range of tariffs on imported steel, aluminum, and Chinese products — dooming predictions made by free traders that have yet to pan out.
According to Planned Parenthood office in Roanoke, Virginia, the abortion giant will continue to perform abortion services during the COVID-19 pandemic, claiming abortion is an “essential” medical service.
Such criminalization would be accomplished via universal background checks, which Harris strongly supports.
In a bizarre and unexpected twist, pop super star Lana Del Rey is being smeared as “racist” over an Instagram post in which she slammed modern-day feminism.
A leader of a movement that urges women to brag about having an abortion promoted the procedure to children in a video from Cut’s HiHo on the YouTube channel.
Rispone is crying foul about the race-baiting ads from Edwards’ allies.
Countless American believers in the Bible, myself included, were inspired tremendously on Monday when President Trump stood in front of St. John’s Episcopal Church, across the street from the White House, and held up the Word of God for all to see.
Frustrated Democrats slammed Republicans for what they see as a debacle that could leave millions of Americans without health care. 
State health departments and legislators who sneer at parental concerns and call for vaccination mandates erode parents’ trust.
The result of this tribalism will not be a catharsis of white identity, improving equality for non-whites. It will be resentment towards being the only tribe not given the special treatment bestowed by victimhood.
Last year, XFL Commissioner Oliver Luck noted that the XFL reached out to Kaepernick, but the former NFL player demanded absurdly high $20 million a season salary.
Here are three obvious but important ways the media demonstrated a disgusting partisan slant instead of good journalism.
This would be the same Taliban that gleefully murders young women for the crime of going to school and regards democracy as a crime against Islam punishable by death.
When President Trump rolled out his recent budget proposal, it made some cuts that were always going to cause controversy. For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments.
This was not the president’s first gesture of warmth in the wake of Limbaugh’s sad revelation. The president took to Twitter to cheer him on, saying, “Many people do not know what a great guy & fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend!”
Multiple studies have attempted to translate the New Green Deal resolution's pledges into concrete policies, but often claim to significantly underestimate the actual costs due to the resolution's vagueness.
Tens of thousands rallied peacefully and the news media treated it like it was the start of the second civil war or at least another violent confrontation like Charlottesville.
That’s why white nationalists, who are enthusiasts for the abortion of black and brown people, despise pro-lifers, as anyone reporting in good faith should know.
For about five years, between 2006 and 2011, HuffPo was a hotbed bed of anti-vaccine conspiracy theorizing.
They came to the United States from all corners of the globe -- Somalia, Rwanda, El Salvador, the Balkans, Germany, Iraq -- claiming to have been persecuted but, in reality, they were the persecutors.
That Sanders’ proposal lacks any sort of means-testing requirement makes it clear that he believes this is something all people deserve, but it’s unclear why, or how that’s a worthwhile investment given that it will be allocated toward those who are relatively rich (or could have been relatively rich had they not gotten a useless master’s degree that doesn’t translate into higher earnings). 
He has been critical of illegal aliens, but not immigrants in general. Weaver nonetheless implies Trump is somehow responsible.
The outbreak, which began in the Chinese city of Wuhan, has wreaked devastation on the global economy and threatens to plunge hundreds of millions of people into poverty.
In fact, Clinton’s plan is so inept in its ability to understand how college funding even operates, and so atrociously far from providing any adequate solutions to a complex problem, that it sounds like she was channeling the Simpsons.
The right to abortion is just that — the right to kill unborn humans. But pro-abortionists like Quinn and Cuomo find it easier to argue that they are fighting for “reproductive rights” (even though pro-lifers are not objecting to any woman’s right to reproduce) or that fetuses are not humans but “clumps of cells.” Just as with slave owners and eugenicists before them, it’s easier for pro-abortionists to advocate for murder after they’ve dehumanized the lives they want to end.
King went on to defend his tweet with a number of confused and contradictory statements.
Americans generally associate white pride with slavery, segregation, and skinheads. For most of us those are negative associations so, yes, we think it’s creepy to be proud that you’re white.
It’s not a huge deal that an eccentric, pro-Trump activist clumsily used a bad analogy in a local speech. The analogy is bad enough, however, that it certainly shouldn’t be on the president’s Twitter feed.
Young women taking part in high school and college athletics across the country have had their dreams of winning dashed by the movement to allow biological male who “identify” as female to compete against them.
Those areas have been plagued for years by gun and gang-related violence, including Englewood and West Garfield Park.
Oscar-winning actor Leonardo DiCaprio is a vocal climate change activist, however, he has taken some heat in the past for his preference for fuel-guzzling private plane travel.
But with the can of worms now open, Democrats see opportunity on everything from gun control to climate change, especially if the Supreme Court upholds Trump’s declaration.
The movement’s hysteric leader proceeded to hush the crowd so the mayor’s answer could be heard across the streets so they could vote him out next year if he bowed to their anarchic demands.
Cuban slave doctors that have escaped the system have said that, while working abroad, the Castro regime forced them to invent patients and throw away perfectly good medicine to boost the statistics on the number of patients Cuban doctors actually treat.
California has a ten-day waiting period on gun purchases yet that state also witnesses some of the most heinous public firearm-based attacks in the nation.
Refugees have become a hot button issue as millions attempted to flee the terrorist group ISIS and the southern border was swamped with asylum claims.
He pointed out, in blunt and colorful language, that economic suicide in pursuit of the latter goal is insanity. His video went viral.
Pelosi’s coronavirus plan uses the pandemic to cram provisions of the House Democrats’ H.R. 1 legislation into federal law. That legislation went even further in its efforts to create loopholes for voter fraud, allowing convicted felons to vote in federal elections.
Curiously, both Kelly and Yen seem unaware of the influx of undocumented immigrants pouring into this country daily from countries with very low vaccination rates...
The argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state salves left-wing Christians' consciences for their support of radically pro-abortion politicians like Sen. Bernie Sanders.
While Democrat presidential hopefuls aim to weaponize the tax cuts, Elaine Parker, chief communications officer of Job Creators Network (JCN), told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview in January that it is precisely what will assist Trump in making his case to the American people.
Former ESPN personality Jemele Hill attacked the NFL for its lack of black coaches, and blasted the Rooney Rule as an insufficient solution to the problem.
The wealthy are quite reasonably reluctant to give away more of their money than they have to and would simply move to more tax friendly jurisdictions, thus meaning the governments in high tax jurisdictions would have less to spend on worthy projects.
Four states will hold their primary contests on Tuesday night, despite Georgia and Louisiana each postponing their elections previously scheduled for a few weeks later over concerns of the spreading Wuhan virus.
Actress-turned-feminist activist Emily Ratajkowski and her husband are living in “prime NYC real estate” completely for free, according to a new report.
At least Morrissey, who stepped into his son’s life after an unexpected pregnancy, chose life — unlike Northam, who supports late-term abortion and advocates for killing unwanted children after failed abortions.
Surprising because in its early trailer, FX’s Anti-Phyllis Schlafly Series Mrs. America sold itself as a celebration of second-wave feminism as it waged righteous war against the dark forces of the “patriarchy.”
In the video, while answering a question of whether conservatives have legitimate fears of Islamic terrorism and therefore justification for measures to stop it, she appears to say that white men are in fact a greater threat.
An analysis by Fox News shows at least eight potential Democratic candidates have voiced support for or touted aspects of the proposal, which amounts to a drastic overhaul of the U.S. economy and government benefit system.
It’s also why attempts to portray pro-lifers as racists smack of disingenuousness.
House and Senate Democrats are responding to the coronavirus outbreak in the United States by supporting measures to effectively strip President Trump of his authority to impose travel bans to protect American citizens.
Since 2016, Democrats have thrown sand, wrenches, and donkey poo into every gear of government to overturn the results of a free and fair election played by rules.
The taxpayer-funded BBC has announced that 16-year-old eco-warrior Greta Thunberg will be guest-editing the broadcaster’s flagship current affairs radio programme, the Today show.
The Democrats’ bill is a massive giveaway to Silicon Valley, to tech donors, and to many Fortune 500 companies in the banking and insurance industries who have replaced their American graduates with blocs of imported Indian and Chinese workers.
As we got into the cab, our tow truck driver, a middle-aged man from Brooklyn, wasted only a few minutes before bringing up Trump with missionary zeal. He told us that he hated politics and hated politicians, but loved Donald Trump. Why? Because Trump is the only one speaking up for people like him.
Trump is nothing if not a public relations savant. Once the dust settles, if he cannot take credit for restoring order, he’ll do his best to deflect and lay the blame at someone else’s feet. He’ll remind his followers what the other side thinks of them, how they desecrated our American values, and what will happen to them if Joe Biden becomes the apologizer-in-chief.
White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany voiced tepid support for Defense Secretary Mark Esper, after he stated Wednesday that he did not support invoking the Insurrection Act, which would allow active-duty troops to act in domestic law enforcement roles.
Moreover, NeverTrump would not only have to separate Trump from his political base, but also to win the support of that base for its own candidate. That will be particularly difficult, as NeverTrump has made no secret of its general disdain for Trump supporters.
Several medical and advocacy groups have insisted abortion services should be considered as essential health care during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic and not subject to delays or a reduction of availability that will affect other health services.
CBS Late Show host Stephen Colbert claimed on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s describing himself as a “nationalist” serves as an indication of his hidden sympathy for white nationalist movements such as Ku Klux Klan.
Warren’s speech included leftist talking points — from corporations’ alleged mistreatment of American workers and unions to the dangers of “cutthroat capitalism” and the pitfalls of free trade.
The bureaucrats and local would-be dictators concocting their various plans to protect us all from each other have to be relieved of their power or the police state will be permanent. So how did we get here, and how do we reclaim our liberty and the right to take risks to survive?
President Donald Trump ridiculed former Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday for endorsing former Vice President Joe Biden for president.
Outraged Democrats vowed to appeal a federal judge’s ruling that could undo the US health care law known as Obamacare, saying on Saturday that they will use their new power in Congress to hold Republicans responsible and “expose their lies.”
Every corporate mainstream media organization has repeatedly claimed, without evidence, that tariffs were hurting U.S. consumers.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) slammed billionaire Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world and owner of the Washington Post, for paying his employees what she called “starvation wages.”
Yet it's merely the tip of the iceberg of war criminals lurking -- and working -- on U.S. turf.
In October, Breitbart London reported that French police are allegedly actively assisting migrants to avoid detection by UK Border Force, telling them when and when not to attempt to cross the channel, according to a people smuggler.
Gadsby's work is a testament to how eagerly the arbiters of our culture will devour and elevate work that convincingly purports to be progressive.
China appears to be feeding off similar complaints from the left in the United States. Complaints about partisan “gridlock” are perennial and grow especially loud when Democrats and their highly sympathetic media are the ones complaining about Republicans getting in their way.
British Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies also slammed the concept of transgender athletes.
Bannon, who previously served as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News, has denied the false claims spewed against him mostly by those on the left.
Her call for a Green New Deal -- which would seek to focus on income inequality and climate change by funding a host of radical ideas on liberal wish-lists and overhaul the nation's energy sector -- has been embraced by a number of 2020 hopefuls already.
A protester could be seen throwing an object at Frey as he slinked away. Biden, so far, has enjoyed the luxury of remaining in his basement, hidden away from volatile activists who want answers.
Security measures are in place as there are concerns radical groups could face off in Richmond, but Democrat office holders and their surrogates in the gun control movement, as well as establishment media reporters, are working hard to paint the entire gun rally as a meeting of extremists and racists.
Suicide hotlines are overwhelmed. Unemployment is skyrocketing. Women and children in abusive relationships are stuck at home in a nightmare situation with their abusers. Alcohol sales are through the roof. Foster kids have nowhere to go to be loved and cared for.
The moment was yet another headache for Biden as he struggles to appeal to gun owners. 
Phoenix’s Oscar speech for Joker was a rambling discourse that veered in several direction before settling on environmental platitudes.
DeSantis was initially tentative to shut down outdoor recreational areas like beaches and was ridiculed by the media for his allegedly relaxed response.
Issuing a defiant call to arms to grassroots Republicans, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon railed Friday against dangerous “global elites” and the Silicon Valley “lords of technology” whom he said are robbing U.S. citizens of jobs, wealth and opportunity.
The First Amendment forbids the establishment of a state church in the United States, but it in no way imposes the incoherent burden of religious neutrality on our civic institutions
A lawsuit percolating through the courts attempts to weigh the religious liberty of Orthodox Jews with a dire and compelling public health interest.
The case made by Geoffrey Skelley and Nathaniel Rakich was simple: Supposedly Americans strongly prefer Biden and Democrats over Trump and Republicans, and they are particularly upset with Trump and other Republicans’ attempts to reopen the country as the global Coronavirus pandemic rages.
The new numbers from Gallup are an unwelcome sight for Democrats after kicking off the week with a disaster caucus in Iowa who and simultaneously anticipating a Trump acquittal in the Senate. Trump will also now have the opportunity to shine in his newfound approval in Tuesday night’s address to the nation while Democrats are in disarray.
In an apparent attempt to blame sexism for the blowback the Rashida Tlaib received for her "Impeach the Motherf*cker" remark, Pelosi wondered aloud what the response would have been if a man made the same comment. 
But rather than appreciate the fact that Asian-American women are considered highly attractive, Lim sees only a sneaking racial bias, a reflection of our upside-down cultural world where victimhood and oppression carry more social currency than even beauty and success.
“You know, there’s over 100 million people with preexisting conditions,” he said, claiming, “They weren’t able to get insurance before; now they cannot be denied insurance.”
A city council member in Minneapolis was quoted as claiming that there had been no looting or burning on the first night of the protest, and that police were to blame for subsequent events because they were “incredibly brutal” in response.
A copy of the flyer also shows the union bosses’ significant support for mass illegal and legal immigration to the United States — an effort to drive up union membership.
A lawsuit percolating through the courts attempts to weigh the religious liberty of Orthodox Jews with a dire and compelling public health interest.
A leader of a movement that urges women to brag about having an abortion promoted the procedure to children in a video from Cut’s HiHo on the YouTube channel.
A majority of Americans do not agree with Democrats’ gun violence demagoguery. 
A plan known as the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act is a boon to Silicon Valley billionaires, big business elites, and outsourcing firms, as they would be able to readily import more lower-paid Indian and Chinese foreign workers to take American jobs that would have otherwise gone to American citizens.
A protester could be seen throwing an object at Frey as he slinked away. Biden, so far, has enjoyed the luxury of remaining in his basement, hidden away from volatile activists who want answers.
A pro-Trump political ad quotes Joe Biden directly and the lying liars at the lying PolitiFact still rate it “mostly false.”
A specter is haunting the West; our elites see intolerant authoritarianism—along with a plethora of related “-phobias” and “-isms”—everywhere.
A study shows that the number of children getting routine vaccines to protect them from dangerous diseases has dramatically declined in the wake of the coronavirus.
A three-year-old girl in China’s Jiangsu province died after receiving a rabies vaccination last month, an ominous development in light of persistent scandals over low-quality and improperly-handled vaccines.
A young, slender woman with a sign reading “End All Violence” stood at the doors and pleaded with the looters to stop. 
Abortion propaganda was always meant to obscure the reality of abortion, not justify it.
Abortionists, who prey on desperate people, should no longer receive your hard-earned tax dollars.
According to Planned Parenthood office in Roanoke, Virginia, the abortion giant will continue to perform abortion services during the COVID-19 pandemic, claiming abortion is an “essential” medical service.
Actress-turned-feminist activist Emily Ratajkowski and her husband are living in “prime NYC real estate” completely for free, according to a new report.
After being forced to issue a humiliating apology for urging doctors to wash hands and wear protective gear, Li died, allegedly of Chinese coronavirus infection, in February.
After Donald Trump won the presidency in 2016 and the left-wing terrorists in Antifa took to the streets, everything changed again.
After President Donald Trump’s news conference on a positive jobs report Friday morning, the mainstream media contorted a quote from the president to falsely convey he thinks George Floyd is happy about the jobs numbers.
After Steve King’s offensive implication that white people own Western civilization, Chris Hayes predictably responded with an idiotic remark about Western civilization giving us Hitler.
After that phone call, police asked the couple to come in for questioning, prompting them to flee Saudi Arabia, a country long known for draconian laws against homosexuality.
After years of openly struggling with her weight (and health) and a seemingly self-imposed sabbatical from political lectures after backing Hillary Clinton in ’16, actress Lena Dunham announced to the world that it was Joaquin Phoenix’s unhinged Oscars tirade on the environment that has made her want to become vegan.
Alex Berenson, a former reporter at the New York Times who has written extensively debunking fearmongering claims related to the lockdowns wrote on Twitter Thursday that the tech giant to benefit the most from pandemic stay-home orders is refused to sell his latest book.
Already, American taxpayers are forced to annually subsidize about $18.5 billion in medical costs for illegal aliens, according to estimates by Chris Conover, formerly of the Center for Health Policy and Inequalities Research at Duke University.
Although he didn’t seem to direct his comments at anyone in particular, many celebrities that consider themselves climate change activists have not adjusted their lifestyles of taking private jets to their engagements around the globe, for example, Leonardo DiCaprio, Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom all took heat in 2019 when they were among the A-listers to attend Google’s climate change conference by way of private jets and mega yachts.
Amazon first refused to publish a book skeptical of the mainstream narrative on the novel Wuhan coronavirus while still continuing to promote works by anarchists and Adolf Hitler.
Americans generally associate white pride with slavery, segregation, and skinheads. For most of us those are negative associations so, yes, we think it’s creepy to be proud that you’re white.
Americans Need To Stop Hurrying Young People Into Student Debt Slavery. Above all, we must give high schoolers personalized post-secondary educational recommendations before they get caught in the quagmire of student debt.
Among rich lefties, perhaps, this new reality was acceptable, as it dovetailed with their guilt over their own success.
An analysis by Fox News shows at least eight potential Democratic candidates have voiced support for or touted aspects of the proposal, which amounts to a drastic overhaul of the U.S. economy and government benefit system.
An angry Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) slammed Democrats for voting against the bill and blamed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for nixing bipartisan negotiations over a coronavirus package.
An illegal alien has been charged with enticing a 13-year-old girl through social media and raping her in Madison County, Alabama.
An internationally known virologist with a military background explained to Breitbart News the United States is vulnerable to potential pandemics due to production of vaccines overseas and a lack of interest in making significant changes to the National Pandemic Plan.
And amid the left-wing effort to demonize and defund police in America, Miranda has endorsed the radical Black Lives Matter movement that is smearing those police.
And if Bezos imagines that this act of blatant greenwashing will do anything either to save the planet or make the world a better place than he is living in cloud cuckoo land.
And if we look at a subset of guns which the left  loves to deride - rifles, for instance - then a clearer picture about gun deaths is quickly visible.
And in return for the value you have created, the employment you have provided and the tax revenue you have generated, all you get is a bunch of chippy socialists and whiny Remoaners accusing you of being selfish, greedy, and unpatriotic.
And now we’re living through the 1619 Riots, and now the mask has been completely removed from the Democrat Party and media as we see vandalism, the desecration of our history, occupation, violent assaults against police and citizens, and the end of the rule of law encouraged, championed, and normalized.
And rather than falter or die of old age, the expansion has continued through Trump’s first three years in office, giving him a trump card in the campaign to win a second term in November.
And when Trump refuses to bow to the howling shrieks of the political correctness brigade and actually speaks openly and boldly about getting a good deal for Americans, it’s still refreshing, even as his first term nears a close.
And yet lately, higher officials in the Democratic Party have started to express at least some sympathy for the devils — these destroyers of public peace.  
Angry Democrats blamed Republicans for what they see as a debacle that could leave millions of Americans without health care. 
Another BLM activist — apparently unaware of the illegality of mass gatherings during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic — questioned: “If you want to shout and scream at me that every life matters, why are you not in the streets showing me that my black life matters?”
Anti-vaxxers represent only about 2 percent of American families, although you’d be forgiven for thinking they’re more numerous. They certainly make a lot of noise and have some world-famous adherents. However, like malaria-carrying mosquitoes, this tiny group that punches above its weight may be on the verge of creating a public health problem for us all.
Anyone who has seen the Sky series Chernobyl will recognise the kind of stolid, bureaucratic mindset captured in this damning paragraph from the report.
AOC Ignores 130% Murder Increase in NYC, Claims Unemployment Leads People to ‘Shoplift’ Bread
Appearing Tuesday Cheddar Live, Rep. Maxine Waters (D) formally endorsed former Vice President Joe Biden for the White House, claiming that President Donald Trump is “destroying America” and advocating for the killing of both black and white children in the wake of nationwide protests over the death of George Floyd.
As also, of course, even more depressingly are the police – several of whom have been caught on camera abasing themselves before the mob by going down on the knees as if to beg for mercy for their ‘white privilege’.
As Breitbart News most recently reported, blue-collar Americans in landscaping, conservation work, the meatpacking industry, construction industry, and fishing jobs have had their wages dragged down by foreign workers imported through the H-2B visa program.
As Congress begins debating the Equality Act, the Heritage Foundation warns that if the bill becomes law it will prove the death knell for women’s sports.
As dear leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is fond of saying, “winners make policy, losers go home.” And yet unfortunately, Republicans in the Senate refuse to take the phrase to heart. Which is a real shame. We are just under 280 days into the Trump presidency, yet beyond nominations, Congress has made almost no progress passing the agenda America elected them to enact.
As for Joe Biden, he’s made some truly bizarre comments about guns over his long political career, driven more by a desire to appease both gun-control advocates and gun-owning Democrat constituencies than any coherent philosophy.
As part of his plan to protect the commonwealth of Virginia from the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus, Gov. Ralph Northam determined that citizens should not be allowed to attend church or worship services, but are fine travel to an abortion clinic and undergo an elective procedure like surgical abortion.
As part of Pelosi’s coronavirus plan, House Democrats slipped in multiple measures from their H.R. 1 legislation that would implement nationwide ballot harvesting for federal elections — effectively allowing political operatives to collect and deliver an endless number of absentee ballots from voters.
As people sip cafecito and eat croquetas at the landmark restaurant, the buzz here these days is what Cubans say is the alarming rise of Democratic presidential frontrunner Sen. Bernie Sanders, whose unabashed defense of late Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has riled Cuban-Americans who view his comments as a personal attack.
As Santa Claus loads his sleigh led by flying reindeer, climate change proponents are spreading the story of the animals’ plight because of global warming.
As shown below, women are harmed by Planned Parenthood, and the vulnerable––such as sex abuse victims and the unborn––are sacrificed for profit and political advance.
As we got into the cab, our tow truck driver, a middle-aged man from Brooklyn, wasted only a few minutes before bringing up Trump with missionary zeal. He told us that he hated politics and hated politicians, but loved Donald Trump. Why? Because Trump is the only one speaking up for people like him.
At least Morrissey, who stepped into his son’s life after an unexpected pregnancy, chose life — unlike Northam, who supports late-term abortion and advocates for killing unwanted children after failed abortions.
At the time, Moynihan was primarily concerned that irresponsible politicians promising their constituents an insupportable array of handouts would jeopardize America’s economic well-being. 
At the time, Wilson claimed he was only helping illuminate the contours of the 2016 race, before eventually being hired by one of the White House hopefuls.
At this point — and keep in mind this is the open discussion part of the debate — after Biden had his say, Trump jumped in and Biden became outright obnoxious and  started interrupting Trump constantly
Bad news for wealthy New York elites looking to avoid protestors by fleeing to The Hamptons. The pitchfork-wielding mob has found you, and they’re not backing down.
Banks lamented that China has now become a partisan issue simply because Trump has blamed China for trying to hide the discovery of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China, and allowing it to spread to the rest of the world.
Bannon, who previously served as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News, has denied the false claims spewed against him mostly by those on the left.
Bastille Day – the Beginning of Liberal Madness
Bernie Sanders Claims Medicare for All Will Save Americans ‘Substantial Sums’
Bernie Sanders Is Crazy, But The Only Democrat Candidate Voters Actually Like
Bernie whacks Trump on pre-existing conditions
Bezos is merely the scam’s latest and most outrageously profligate useful idiot.
Biden is embracing Cardi as his latest celebrity surrogate after she told New York police “fuck you” and said Minnesota rioters had “no choice” but to loot and steal after George Floyd’s death.
Biden made the apocalyptic pronouncement while discussing climate change before a crowd of supporters in Peterborough, New Hampshire.
Biden rips Trump for giving Rush Medal of Freedom.
Biden would be a disaster for small businesses, their employees, and their communities.
Big Labor is not buying the Democrats' Green New Deal, saying the proposed economic and energy reforms could cause “immediate harm” to millions of union employees and threaten their livelihoods.
Billionaire Democrat presidential hopeful Mike Bloomberg is a staunch proponent of gun control for America with one caveat–he gets to spend his days surrounded by good guys with guns to keep him safe.
Black Lives Matter activists in Chicago held a rally Monday evening to stand in solidarity with the dozens of individuals who were arrested after a night of mass looting and criminal activity, with one organizer brazenly defending looting as a form of reparations.
Bloomberg claims he has been against redlining.
Bloomberg is running the same tactics that helped Democrats successfully win the House of Representatives in 2018 — threatening that Republicans’ attempt to repeal Obamacare would remove healthcare coverage for preexisting conditions.
Bloomberg looked like that 3-point favorite in college football walking into a trap game unprepared/looking ahead on the road and getting walloped by the home dog.
Borrowing from Hillary Clinton, leftist Italian media have labeled those attending the pro-family Congress a “list of deplorables,” calling pro-life and pro-family advocates “neofascists” and “homophobes.”
Breaking store windows, setting buildings on fire, vandalizing monuments to American heroes, leaving graffiti threats on synagogue walls, attacking Christian churches and tombstones, terrorizing the living, and giving no peace to the dead— these are the great accomplishments of Antifa and those they egg on.
British Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies also slammed the concept of transgender athletes.
Bush, who has largely avoided politics since leaving office in 2009, has recently weighed in on the Chinese coronavirus pandemic and the death of George Floyd — and while neither statement mentioned President Trump by name, they were regarded as veiled swipes at his handling of both matters.
But across the country, Americans were confronting a horrific landscape of downtown retail districts being destroyed by mobs Sunday as police did nothing to intervene.
But Bannon — the former Harvard Business School grad, Goldman Sachs managing director, and Hollywood mogul — cast California as a linchpin in the fight to halt the spread of what he called the globalist and elitist agenda. He urged Republicans to organize, rise up — and put up a fight to hold on to California House seats that are considered vulnerable in 2018.
But instead of closing loopholes that allow criminals to access firearms, the bill by House Democrats could turn millions of law-abiding American gun owners into felons.
But make no mistake about it: Despite receiving widespread positive attention from many in the press, Ocasio-Cortez’s radical left-wing policy proposals and her socialist ideology present a significant threat to America’s economy and its longstanding commitment to individual liberty. 
But Never Trumpers are not decent people. All that matters to them is media money and cable news fame,  and these mercenary grifters know their grift as house-trained conservatives feted by the corporate media ends the moment they choose Trump over anyone, including Jurassic Communist.
But of course, Joe Biden and the leftist cabal who will control him will never allow that, and the sheep’s clothing Democrats and fake media outlets like NBC News are using to push AFFH and demonize its critics, like Trump, is race and racism.
But rather than appreciate the fact that Asian-American women are considered highly attractive, Lim sees only a sneaking racial bias, a reflection of our upside-down cultural world where victimhood and oppression carry more social currency than even beauty and success.
But the British Government — and this one’s Conservative; imagine what a Labour one would be like! — is so wedded to green ideology and so nervous of the well-funded anti-fracking campaign industry that it has imposed such extreme precautionary principles on shale gas exploration that the fracking industry has effectively been strangled at birth with red tape.
But the president kept his word when it came to the Court. It’s still early in the Trump era, of course, and we really have no idea how the residual political effects of our acute partisan battles or investigations or ugly rhetoric or the often-incompetent presidency will manifest in the long term.
But the sclerotic bureaucracy that rules the healthcare system itself is an abject disaster and a national embarrassment.
But Trump’s pro-American policies are frustrating judges who were appointed by former President Barack Obama, prompting some to leave and open new slots for Trump-appointed judges.
But with the can of worms now open, Democrats see opportunity on everything from gun control to climate change, especially if the Supreme Court upholds Trump’s declaration.
But, yeah, good work each and every one of you reporters who made this fake story something to waste time on this week. You’re all hacks.
By supporting Medicare for All, ACP is supporting dramatic pay cuts for its members.
California has a ten-day waiting period on gun purchases yet that state also witnesses some of the most heinous public firearm-based attacks in the nation.
California’s only “achievement” in health care is extending “free” benefits to illegal aliens.
Can the loyalty of Trump voters withstand racial tensions, cities on fire, stores looted, and people being beaten and killed in the streets? Yes. If the left keeps comparing gun owners to slave owners. If they advocate throwing white women out of airplanes; if they beat their neighbors with two-by-fours; if they murder a 77-year-old former police chief and broadcast it on Facebook Live.
Cancellation of a two-week United Nations meeting on gender equality, female empowerment and “women’s issues” due to the coronavirus outbreak sparked an outcry from 12,000 disappointed delegates, diplomats and non-government organizations scheduled to fly into New York for the event and work towards ending “default male thinking” across the globalist organization.
Cartwright, who represents Pennsylvania’s eighth congressional district, launched a campaign ad recently, claiming that Bognet would eliminate health insurance coverage for millions of Americans.
CBS Late Show host Stephen Colbert claimed on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s describing himself as a “nationalist” serves as an indication of his hidden sympathy for white nationalist movements such as Ku Klux Klan.
China – the country that throws its minorities into concentration camps and uses them for slave labor, the brutal authoritarian regime driven by Han Chinese racial supremacist ideology, the government that thinks nothing of wiping out entire villages if it needs to build a few dams quickly to put on a good show for the Olympics – boasted of its superior compassion and tolerance in the pages of the CCP’s Global Times on Monday
China appears to be feeding off similar complaints from the left in the United States. Complaints about partisan “gridlock” are perennial and grow especially loud when Democrats and their highly sympathetic media are the ones complaining about Republicans getting in their way.
China’s state-run media quickly seized on the obsessions of their American counterparts over the weekend by linking President Donald Trump to “white nationalism”
China’s state-run propaganda newspaper Global Times repeatedly gloated this weekend over the widespread destruction by radical leftists in the United States, claiming on Monday that “Chinese netizens are cheering” looting and vandalism.
Chinese state media outlets have been bursting with criticism for President Donald Trump during the current round of riots, but the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) also tossed a few bricks at former President Barack Obama and his Democrat Party, needling them for doing little about racial issues and touting China’s efforts to care for its poor and disenfranchised as vastly superior to the Democrats’ half-hearted socialism.
Christians should make clear that the perpetuation of objectionable vaccines and the lack of alternatives is a kind of coercion.
Climate Wunderkind Greta Thunberg has garnered gushing praise from celebrities during her environmental crusade.
CNN anchor Chris Cuomo was quick to defend climate activist Greta Thunberg from "Trumpers" who mocked her on Thursday but was quickly reminded about the settlement his network recently made with Covington Catholic High School student Nick Sandmann.
CNN national correspondent John King ripped President Donald Trump for not mentioning climate change in his second State of the Union address.
Cuban slave doctors that have escaped the system have said that, while working abroad, the Castro regime forced them to invent patients and throw away perfectly good medicine to boost the statistics on the number of patients Cuban doctors actually treat.
Cuomo has been championed by the mainstream media for his response to the coronavirus pandemic in New York City, but his state-wide response to nursing homes deserves anything but the glowing praise he’s received.
Curiously, both Kelly and Yen seem unaware of the influx of undocumented immigrants pouring into this country daily from countries with very low vaccination rates...
Democrat megadonor and healthcare executive Judy Faulkner has tried to block a Trump healthcare rule that would cut healthcare costs, grant patients more control over their healthcare data, and preserve her company’s dominant status in the electronic healthcare record market.
Democrat presidential hopeful Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) attempted to slam Democrat challenger former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg after he said it takes him a “long time” to get materials together to release his tax returns and claimed he “can’t go to TurboTax.”
Democratic presidential nominee Joe “You Ain’t Black” Biden seems to be trying to brand himself as a champion for small business.
Democrats are shortsighted if they simply believe that creating new limits on gun ownership will increase Americans’ safety.
Democrats are suddenly obsessed with Lev Parnas, the Rudy Giuliani associate who was indicted on federal campaign charges last fall.
Democrats have made it clear they will sandbag the people we’ve elected to govern if we refuse to vote for Democrats. 
Democrats Push Pork for Planned Parenthood in Coronavirus Package
Democrats recently provided more funding for the state’s roads — through an unpopular, regressive gas tax hike rather than spending cuts on less urgent priorities.
DeSantis was initially tentative to shut down outdoor recreational areas like beaches and was ridiculed by the media for his allegedly relaxed response.
Despite Democrats regularly characterizing America as socially pathologized with anti-woman “sexism” and “misogyny” — where women face greater cultural, economic, political, and social adversities relative to men — Warren framed her sex as a political asset in comparison to her male competitors for the Democrats’ presidential nomination to defeat President Donald Trump in November’s general election.
Despite pre-existing and new guidelines, critical decisions made by governors and state leadership have, in some cases, exacerbated the crisis. In New York, Gov. Cuomo’s instruction for long-term care facilities to continue accepting patients with COVID-19 led to devastating results.
Donald Trump claimed he has seen evidence the new coronavirus originated in a Chinese lab, as he threatened tariffs on Beijing over its role in the global pandemic.
Donald Trump has taken heat for mostly refusing to mask up while performing his duties. This left the Biden camp with a choice to make when Joe woke up from political hibernation, and they went all in.
Donald Trump’s victory last November was not just a repudiation of the Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton. No, 2016 was a revolt against the entire Washington establishment, both on the left and the right. Don’t forget, Trump blew away everyone in the Republican primary too, from accomplished governors to Jeb Bush (R) from Tea Party darlings to washed up Senators. Trump wiped the floor with them.
Doubling down, Rapaport — a raging left-wing Trump hater — tweeted “Singing slave owners.”
Drivers in Ireland will be forced to buy electric vehicles within ten years according to a new law by the left-wing government in Dublin.
During a rare public address last week, the former president appeared to challenge Trumpism while urging U.S. voters to resist detractors of American democracy
During a speech to Young America’s Foundation’s 41st annual National Conservative Student Conference, Hawley slammed the “reigning consensus” of Washington, D.C.’s ruling class that asserts free trade and endless immigration are vital to meet the needs of corporate leaders, the business lobby, and the donor class while ignoring its impact on middle-class Americans.
During her acceptance speech for best actress in a limited television series for Fosse/Vernon, Williams went on a bizarre rant about the need for abortion rights in the United States and for American women to vote for pro-choice candidates during election years.
During July’s debate, Sanders again stated that people will “pay more in taxes” but claimed that it would result in “less” spent on health care.
During the campaign, it was clear that much of the momentum behind NeverTrump was driven by narcissism, as well as by self-interest. NeverTrump gambled on a Hillary Clinton victory, preparing to blame Trump supporters and hoping to take revenge.
During Tuesday’s Democrat debate in Des Moines, Iowa, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) described Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT) as her “friend” despite framing him as a sexist who denied the possibility of a woman being elected president of the United States.
Edwards’ allies are pushing a narrative that supporting Rispone is akin to being a racist like infamous white supremacist David Duke.
Ernst, one of the Senate’s leading government waste hawks, unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would end a carveout for millionaires to obtain a taxpayer-funded unemployment benefit during the coronavirus outbreak.
Even a member of French President Emmanuel Macron’s La République en Marche! (LREM/Republic on the Move) slammed the sports hijab.
Even if Trump is “unraveling” as Never Trumpers are wont to claim, his supporters won’t disappear on November 4th. George Will and the leftists many Never Trumpers now ally themselves with must reconcile their perception of the American people with reality.
Even prior to Trump formally announcing Barrett as his nominee, leftists launched a string of attacks, targeting her faith, family, and conservative positions.
Even sharp critics of Trump expressed horror at Harris’s treatment of Brian Buescher, one of the president’s federal judiciary nominees and a member of the Knights of Columbus, a Catholic charitable organization that collects and distributes winter coats for poor children, and provides funds and baby supplies for crisis pregnancy shelters.
Even the leftist New York Times refused to endorse Sanders, essentially dissing the 78-year-old socialist as old and unhealthy.
Every corporate mainstream media organization has repeatedly claimed, without evidence, that tariffs were hurting U.S. consumers.
Fashion and music mogul Kanye West unleashed a wild rant on Twitter late Monday, accusing his wife Kim Kardashian West of attempting to “lock” him “up with a doctor” after he spoke about abortion and his children during his presidential campaign event in Charleston, South Carolina.
Father Horan was one of the many voices from the Catholic Left who joined the mainstream media lynching of students from Covington Catholic High School this weekend, rashly judging them as racists without bothering to ascertain what actually happened, simply because some of the boys were wearing MAGA hats.
Female genital mutilation is illegal in Germany, leading many families to travel to their country of origin to have the gruesome ritual performed on their daughters.
Few would consider a global pandemic reason to celebrate. In fact, many people are suffering, such as those out of work or others who were near retirement and now thrust back into a grueling role. But the pandemic does provide all of us an opportunity to rethink our life philosophies, and reorder our priorities.
Floyd, 46, was killed in police custody in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Memorial Day, setting off nationwide protests and riots and reinvigorating the Black Lives Matter movement.
FNC’s Carlson Slams Cowering, Dithering American Leaders for Riot Response — ‘This Is How Nations Collapse’
Following a terrible school shooting in Parkland, Florida, last year, CNN hosted an anti-gun rally that whitewashed Sheriff Scott Israel’s fatal errors.
For a fleeting moment on Tuesday, the political universe was kumbayaing in mutual disgust at Donald Trump’s meeting with Robert Kennedy Jr.
For about five years, between 2006 and 2011, HuffPo was a hotbed bed of anti-vaccine conspiracy theorizing.
For Democrats, this wave or new regulation, censorship, and civic pressure will free the less-than-one-percent of people who say they are transgender from the oppressive, outdated rules of male-dominated supremacy.
For far too many on the left, chaos is the point. Destruction is the goal. They prefer the unknown madness that lies ahead to whatever is still managing to (barely) hold us together in the present.
For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments. To left-wing politicians who think the state should hand out more subsidies, this might as well have been Armageddon.
For our friends on the Left, Trump’s refusal to wear a mask is irresponsible toxic masculinity that is sending the wrong message and getting people killed, even though Dr. Deborah Brix has explained it’s not much of a risk. Biden, meanwhile, to their minds is leading by example by wearing his mask even when there is no good reason he should.
For several years, climate change doomsayers have turned their attention to cattle, as a series of reports demonstrated that “livestock emissions” are more dangerous for the environment than automobiles.
For some years now, conservative and libertarian education policy experts have warned against voucher systems in favor, instead, of tax-credit scholarships and education savings accounts, which are less likely to drag the regulations and mandates of government schools into the private arena.
For starters, Gautney, per her Twitter profile, is an associate professor of sociology at Fordham University, a private school located in New York City. None of this is a problem on its own; in a free society, people should be able to tweet whatever dumb things they want while working in whichever industry or field of research.
For the latest grisly example of hypocrisy, “progressive” cronyism, feminist cry-bullying, and Deep State entrenchment, look no further than Britain’s Chief Medical Officer Dame Sally Davies.
For the most part however, Biden’s campaign has faded into the background of American politics as the nation struggles to combat the coronavirus pandemic and a new surge in violent demonstrations engulfing the country in a storm of anarchy.
For twenty days, from the day the first death from coronavirus was known, Democrats did nothing about it. They were too busy with the president’s impeachment trial — a trial Pelosi had delayed unnecessarily for several weeks.
Former ESPN personality Jemele Hill attacked the NFL for its lack of black coaches, and blasted the Rooney Rule as an insufficient solution to the problem.
Former Mayor Pete Buttigieg (D) claimed during the Democrat debate on Friday that he has been “consistent” on his position on health care.
Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney took to Twitter on Monday morning to attack President Donald Trump, using the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday to suggest that Trump is a racist.
Former Vice President Al Gore turned up the rhetorical heat during a conference in Atlanta on Thursday, where he warned that climate change could bring about the end of civilization.
Former Vice President Joe Biden lied on Monday about his past position on the best way to deal with the novel Wuhan coronavirus rapidly spreading worldwide that would eventually bloom into a global pandemic.
Four states will hold their primary contests on Tuesday night, despite Georgia and Louisiana each postponing their elections previously scheduled for a few weeks later over concerns of the spreading Wuhan virus.
Franciscan friar Father Daniel Horan, a pro-LGBT priest and professor who will be speaking at the upcoming Los Angeles Religious Education Congress, took to Twitter this weekend to bash the March for Life and condemn without trial a group of white Catholic high school boys as “racists” for supposedly “taunting” a Native American man beating a drum.
Franklin Graham: Democrats Exploit Coronavirus to ‘Defeat Donald Trump in the Election’
Free trade has helped gut working and middle class American jobs and stripped whole middle American towns of their industries and livelihoods.
Frustrated Democrats slammed Republicans for what they see as a debacle that could leave millions of Americans without health care. 
Further biased editing on the page included a section on “reports of extremist activities” focusing on largely dubious claims of “far-right” involvement in violence and rioting.
Further, the Trump Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also repealed the Obamacare individual mandate, which serves as a giant middle-class tax cut. 
Gadsby's work is a testament to how eagerly the arbiters of our culture will devour and elevate work that convincingly purports to be progressive.
Given these bleak prospects, students who go to college to “find themselves” are likely to waste precious time and money because they lack a clear vision. 
Global warming is a silly, frivolous and expensive religion which only the stupidly rich can afford to indulge.
Goddamn the Democrats who coddle these left-wing terrorists.
Greek leftists in the city of Thessaloniki set fire to an American flag in front of a United States consulate, claiming to be doing so in solidarity with “U.S. insurgents”.
Greenpeace co-founder and former president of Greenpeace Canada Patrick Moore explained to Breitbart News how Greenpeace’s original spirit of celebrating humanity was usurped by an anti-human Malthusian vision.
Haqqani claimed the Taliban are just looking for a round of free and fair elections, laughably pretending the murderous Islamist extremists would cheerfully accept losing and head back to their caves in peace if the Afghan people reject them.
Harris is also pushing legislation that would dramatically expand the legal and financial incentives for hundreds of thousands of Indian low-wage college graduates to take U.S.-based jobs from U.S. college graduates.
Harris, like her Democrat competitors at the time, signaled that she supports free, taxpayer-funded health care for illegal aliens, which by some estimates could cost up to $660 billion per decade.
Having a baby is hard, caring for a baby is hard, going back to work after a leave is hard but a few weeks of salary is not worth killing your baby for.
he conservative Club for Growth Action group launched NeverTrumperChrisJacobs.com and launched an ad, claiming that Jacobs campaigned with Never Trump Republican Bill Weld as well as refusing to back President Donald Trump in 2016. 
He even wants a son to get a background check before a father can give him a gun as a gift.
He has been critical of illegal aliens, but not immigrants in general. Weaver nonetheless implies Trump is somehow responsible.
He mourned the dead, touted his gun control and education proposals, and that was it.
He pointed out, in blunt and colorful language, that economic suicide in pursuit of the latter goal is insanity. His video went viral.
He recently released a social media ad featuring a small employer who claims that the Trump administration has left behind small businesses and that Biden would be a “partner in the White House.”
He’s a 78-year-old white male millionaire seeking the affections of the wokesters, a gruff socialist with bedraggled hair and terrifying policy proposals.
Her call for a Green New Deal -- which would seek to focus on income inequality and climate change by funding a host of radical ideas on liberal wish-lists and overhaul the nation's energy sector -- has been embraced by a number of 2020 hopefuls already.
Here are three obvious but important ways the media demonstrated a disgusting partisan slant instead of good journalism.
Here, for example, is a tweet video of woke hipsters saluting protesters—and getting their windows smashed with rocks. 
Here’s an irony: Thanks to Roe, America is a whiter place than it would otherwise have become. If pro-lifers had had their way, on the other hand, America would be considerably blacker and browner than it is today.
Hillary’s letter is painful. It’s riddled with stilted speech and a weak attempt to use swear words like that other future has-been who at least can kind of skateboard and pretend to air drum. Whether or not you agreed with Trump’s approach, at least his fondness for cuss words is authentic, something Hilldog struggles with.
His $16.3 trillion Green New Deal plan, perhaps one of his most prolific proposals, will be paid for, he claims, through a variety of methods including slashes in military spending and lawsuits against the fossil fuel industry.
Hispanic foreigners attending the town hall — Fox News Latino did not say whether they were legal or illegal aliens — told Obama they feared that federal Judge Andrew Hansen’s stay on Obama’s executive order will force them to return to their home countries.
Holding a face mask draped over a pen in his left hand, and reading from a script evidently placed slightly off-camera, Biden labored through a presentation that sought to portray Trump as a plutocrat serving his cronies.
House and Senate Democrats are responding to the coronavirus outbreak in the United States by supporting measures to effectively strip President Trump of his authority to impose travel bans to protect American citizens.
House Democrats passed the $3 trillion, 1,815-page leftist Heroes Act in May, which many House Democrats reportedly admitted serves as more of a “policy wishlist” than a bill to alleviate the effects of the coronavirus pandemic.
House Democrats’ Chinese coronavirus relief package bails out coastal millionaires and billionaires while ensuring big businesses are able to freely hire illegal aliens and visa overstayers over unemployed Americans.
House Republicans are gearing up for a sustained push to expose leftist Democrats in the House Democrat majority on their increasingly extreme views on abortion.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) on Monday waxed hyperbolic about the 2020 presidential election, telling an audience that “civilization as we know it is at stake.”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi debuted a 1,120-page coronavirus rescue bill after Democrats tanked the Senate proposal on Sunday night.
However, China’s record of successfully producing vaccines in recent years has been so abysmal that communist state media openly admit that they prefer using international manufacturers.
However, social media watchdogs are foaming at the mouth over the choice to place a teen climate activist on a panel with public health experts.
However, the 45-year-old actor Joaquin Phoenix used his time on stage to call for his celebrity cohorts to put their money where their mouths are when it comes to climate change.
However, there are serious questions about Parnas’s credibility, and many of his claims about Trump are dubious or contradicted by other evidence.
Hungary is backing President Trump in his crackdown on migrants claiming asylum at the southern border -- as the government touts its own success in drastically reducing the influx of migrants into the country.
I get that the media really want to do some bullcrap horse-race point-scoring partisan sniping right now. But these are actually important questions. And “gotcha” reporting may get you butt-slapped by your fellow reporters at the bar, but it’s actually really dangerous.
I have zero interest in contributing to the daily chorus of outrage over Trump’s Twitter feed, or feigning shock and horror over the casual, combative style that fueled him to the GOP nomination and then to the presidency. He does not want Democrats to die. The sky isn’t falling because Trump made a bad retweet.
If China’s actions in the coronavirus catastrophe offer any window into this communist regime’s machinations, deceitfulness, and debasement of human life, it is that the threat they represent is unlike anything America has faced.
If the Left doesn’t feel comfortable imposing its will through gun-control legislation, it will find other avenues of power to engineer the public.
If the Massachusetts Democrat’s proposal were to become law, it would almost certainly face a court challenge – thanks to the fact that it’s a tax on wealth, as opposed to a tax on income.
If they do win, Democrats have hinted at enacting the most sweeping left-wing agenda in American history: amnesty for illegal aliens, D.C. statehood, a dramatic expansion of Medicare, the packing of the Supreme Court, the elimination of the coal industry, an end to oil pipelines like the Keystone XL, new draconian gun controls, the regionalization of cities to minimize the independence of suburbs, ending the Electoral College, and reparations for slavery, among other radical ideas.
If you had a choice between, say, indulging Boris Johnson’s self-aggrandising predilection for grands projets — such as HS2 or his lunatic proposed tunnel to Ireland — or having more of your own money to spend on things you actually wanted, which would you choose?
If you think the Left will ever abandon any of its cherished policy objectives merely because a majority of the American public strongly disagrees, you haven’t studied how the Left operates. 
If your “rights” mean taking everyone else’s rights away, that is not “peaceful protest.” And to compare mob behavior to the civil rights movement is to dishonor its legacy.
Immigration Voice claims to be an independent group, but reportedly works closely with Compete America, an advocacy group formed by the nation’s major tech companies, nearly all of whom employees large blocs of Indian and Chinese visa-workers in jobs that could be filled by young American graduates.
Impeachment Is Just Another Word For Delusional Democrats Holding The Nation Hostage
In a bizarre and unexpected twist, pop super star Lana Del Rey is being smeared as “racist” over an Instagram post in which she slammed modern-day feminism.
In a Friday interview with PBS, Sanders was more blunt: “Am I here to tell you absolutely, this is a slam dunk, no chance that he will lose? That is not what I’m saying,” the Vermont senator said.
In addition to mocking Ivanka for her looks, the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike demeans the First Daughter’s success as a business woman and White House advisor to that of a woman with a vacuum—as if something’s wrong with that, too. 
In an apparent attempt to blame sexism for the blowback the Rashida Tlaib received for her "Impeach the Motherf*cker" remark, Pelosi wondered aloud what the response would have been if a man made the same comment. 
In August, Planned Parenthood made the decision to opt out of the federal family planning grant program, portraying itself as a victim of the Trump administration.
In Chicago, Democratic Mayor Lori Lightfoot, who had initially blasted the news, said the U.S. attorney’s office will supervise the additional agents joining existing federal law enforcement offices.
In fact, Clinton’s plan is so inept in its ability to understand how college funding even operates, and so atrociously far from providing any adequate solutions to a complex problem, that it sounds like she was channeling the Simpsons.
In February, Breitbart News’s John Binder reported that Trump’s travel ban halted almost all legal immigration from countries designated as sponsors of terrorism.
In February, Mexican illegal alien Pablo Hernandez was driving a pick-up truck when he struck a six-year-old boy and a 16-year-old teenage boy as they were crossing the street. 
In his failed bid for the Democrat nomination for 2020, Beto O’Rourke said churches that oppose same-sex marriage should lose their tax-exempt status.  In other words, toe the non-Biblical party line or else!
In his ongoing effort to differentiate between himself and Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden is touting background checks but ignoring the fact they do not stop mass public attackers.
In July 2019, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., and other Democrats visited a similar processing center in Clint, Texas, and made explosive allegations about the conditions there.
In reality, this is the usual hard-left suspects doing their damnedest to destabilise UK democracy at a time when it is already being heavily frayed by the ongoing lockdown.
In response to Hawley’s criticisms, Sargent went to his blog Monday night to accuse Hawley of racialist dog-whistles.
In so doing, Hawley, populist firebrand that he is, showed that he was willing to overturn the stale orthodoxies that have mildewed our economy and undermined our security.
In stark contrast to the arrests of peaceful anti-lockdown protesters in Hyde Park the day before, the Metropolitan Police took no actions to stop the left-wing demonstration that lasted well into the evening and spanned several miles of the city.
In the latest horrifying killing in gun-free Britain, a man was slashed to death with a machete on the streets of Wolverhampton, England on Monday.
In the video, while answering a question of whether conservatives have legitimate fears of Islamic terrorism and therefore justification for measures to stop it, she appears to say that white men are in fact a greater threat.
In the Spectator, Matt Ridley provides further evidence that the leftist ideologues who infest Britain’s bloated, self-serving, inefficient healthcare bureaucracy are peevishly rejecting numerous offers from the private sector for political reasons
In these times of left-wing mobs filling the streets, assaulting civilians and police officers, destroying property with apparent impunity, flagrantly defying coronavirus social distancing rules, and even seceding from the Union, one of the few consolations for conservatives is the notion that gun rights appear to be safe for a generation to come. 
In truth, these examples are caricatures of Epicureanism. Epicureanism is not hedonism; rather, it abhors lack of restraint and shameless debauchery. After all, these things bring more pain than pleasure.
Ingraham began the exchange by noting American graduates’ salaries have been suppressed by the flood of foreign graduates.
Instead of challenging the smears that America is a racist country, instead of standing up for police officers and the rule of law, even the Republican Party is taking a knee, is looking to appease, is acting as Black Lives Matter-lite with their stupid and completely unnecessary police reform ideas.
Instead of motivating kids to payback their loans, Clinton’s plan might actually lead to the decline in liberal arts enrollment.
Interestingly, in addition to his leftward missions of social engineering, Bloomberg has taken on a rightward mission of economic self-interest for himself and his fat-cat friends: stopping a wealth tax.
Ironically, bans on “high-capacity” magazines are part of the Bloomberg campaign’s gun control push, yet a Virginia Tech review board found that such a ban would have had a negligible impact on the results of the 2007 attack.
Issuing a defiant call to arms to grassroots Republicans, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon railed Friday against dangerous “global elites” and the Silicon Valley “lords of technology” whom he said are robbing U.S. citizens of jobs, wealth and opportunity.
It is also partly the result of anti-Trump hysteria, which has created an alternate reality for much of urban America, particularly its elites.
It is also worth noting that the “white nationalist” in question, Patrick Casey, does not claim to be a white nationalist but an identitarian activist, a group the far-left media regularly attack as racist.
It is far from the first time that Trump has offered to intervene in a seemingly intractable international dispute.
It obviously works extremely well for Democrats, a large faction and the leadership of which appears to be as impervious to facts as anti-vaxxers and QAnon followers.
It was not stingy family leave policies that had this baby killed, it was the child’s mother, encouraged and enabled by a culture and legal regime that regard babies as a capstone consumer commodity to be ordered up when convenient, and violently disposed of when inconvenient.
It will be a media and corporate blitzkrieg. The same machinery currently pushing Black Lives Matter ideology will be easily repurposed for the gun control blitz. 
It’s also true that in no time in modern American history has a president’s disposition and rhetoric conflicted more dramatically with the outcomes of his administration. But that has been a net win for the Constitution.
It’s also why attempts to portray pro-lifers as racists smack of disingenuousness.
It’s not a huge deal that an eccentric, pro-Trump activist clumsily used a bad analogy in a local speech. The analogy is bad enough, however, that it certainly shouldn’t be on the president’s Twitter feed.
It’s one of the most common forms of political pornography among the online Left.
Joe Biden can count among his many celebrity activists, Cardi B, who has told New York police “fuck you,” said Minnesota rioters had “no choice but to loot and steal after George Floyd’s death, and has revealed herself as a gun control advocate.
Joe Biden is refusing to rule out scrapping the Senate filibuster, arguing it remains to be seen how “obstreperous” Republicans will be after President Donald Trump leaves office.
Joe Biden’s (D) selection of Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) as his running mate is emblematic of the progressive shift steadily embraced by the former vice president, as Harris’s record displays her radical, far-left ideology, despite the more moderate demeanor she attempted to display during her failed presidential bid.
Joe Biden’s ‘Unity’ Platform with Bernie Sanders Gives Free Health Care to DACA Illegal Aliens
Jose Acosta, 33-year-old Honduran immigrant, snuck into the U.S. eight months ago in Eagle Pass, Texas, but was apprehended weeks later in Houston on his way to a job in North Carolina.
Jurek, a Sanders staffer in Iowa, was caught arguing that gulags were beneficial for the Soviet Union and suggesting they could be used to re-educate both Trump voters and billionaires.
Just a few weeks later, our divided leaders were taken by surprise by the pandemic, and bickered on cable news, asking why nothing was done sooner.
Just off the top of my head, CNN is already filled with useless and uninteresting Never Trump deadwood.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor, in her dissent, accused the majority of weaponizing the First Amendment — an unconscionable position for a person tasked with “faithfully and impartially” discharging the duty to protect the inherent rights of all Americans. The dissenters have perverted the intent of the Founders. It’s none of Sotomayor’s business how we use free expression. It’s her business to protect it.
Kendrick, who, like many Planned Parenthood supporters, blames men for pro-life legislation while she ignores mention of the life of unborn babies, also drafted a “testicular bill of rights.
King went on to defend his tweet with a number of confused and contradictory statements.
King’s defense understandably rang hollow, as he has a long history of making comments ranging from insensitive to downright unacceptable.
Last week, Ankara broke the 2015 agreement with Brussels in which it would stop the illegal flow of migrants through Turkey in exchange for money and continuing EU accession talks, and opened the gates which resulted in thousands of migrants amassing on the near-east country’s land border with Greece.
Last week, Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy released a three-minute video in which he vigorously ranted against the ongoing lockdowns. Portnoy’s basic point was that the goalposts have shifted from “flatten the curve” to “find a cure.”
Last week, Miranda and Hamilton co-creator Jeffrey Seller apologized in two separate hostage-style videos for not endorsing Black Lives Matter years ago.
Last year, XFL Commissioner Oliver Luck noted that the XFL reached out to Kaepernick, but the former NFL player demanded absurdly high $20 million a season salary.
Lawmakers specifically said they want to protect women from facing unfair competition from men who claim to be transgender women.
Left unsaid is that Obamacare — through its myriad of reporting mandates such as cumbersome electronic health records — is largely responsible for this paperwork burden. 
Left-wing Christians declare that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary, and the only way to do that is by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state.
Lefty corporate financial muscle can be deployed against gun and ammunition manufacturers, making it hard for them to stay in business. 
Leonhardt’s column in the New York Times provides more evidence that elite Americans are so enamored of immigration and diversity that they would throw the college graduate class under the bus rather than give up their visions of ruling over a chaotic and fractured “diverse” society.
Lesh pins the blame mainly on the statist bureaucracy mentality of Public Health England (PHE).
Let’s be clear what is happening here. Under the pretext of protesting the killing of a black man by a white police officer in Minneapolis, hard-left terror cells across the West are taking to the streets and fomenting chaos and violence with a view to overthrowing Western civilisation.
Letters from GOP members of Congress and national pro-life leaders to the White House and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last week asserted Democrats are attempting to exploit the coronavirus pandemic for the purpose of advancing their party’s pro-abortion agenda.
Liberals, sadly, were not prepared to let whiteness remain Times New Roman. They poked and they prodded, and eventually got the resentful backlash they were provoking.
Like many left-wing entertainer elites, Eilish has also been vocal about attacking President Trump and anyone who would vote for him.
Like many Never Trump screeds, Will’s criticisms are cloaked around the Republican party. His real issue, however, is with Trump voters. He blames the party for nominating Trump and stocking Congress with “invertebrates whose unswerving abjectness has enabled his institutional vandalism…” But if pro-Trump Congressmen are “invertebrates,” what does that make the Americans who voted for them?
Like the costly and controversial Green New Deal, which Booker co-sponsored in the form of a Senate resolution, Booker’s plan aims to address both climate change and economic inequality.
Likewise, Pelosi’s HEROES Act would provide business with a neverending flood of cheap, illegal foreign labor that they would be legally allowed to hire over the roughly 36.5 million Americans who are jobless due to the crisis.
Local health officer Dr Rosana Salvaterra appeared to co-sign the demonstration, praising activists for wearing masks and claiming they obeyed social distancing protocols — although footage of the event strongly suggests that is not strictly accurate.
Loeffler blamed leftist media, especially the Daily Beast, for perpetuating narratives that she might have violated statutes against insider trading. She continued, noting that the media created the narrative against her because, like President Donald Trump, she is a political outsider.
Long-simmering tensions between Japan and South Korea exploded at the beginning of July, when Japan imposed restrictions on the export of chemicals crucial to electronics manufacturing to South Korea. 
Looking around the United States, there is never enough welfare for the left to stop killing developing humans in utero—solidly Democratic states lead the nation in abortion rates. 
Mainstream media outlets continue to print false and defamatory descriptions of Breitbart News in a nakedly political effort to marginalize a growing competitor.
Major League Baseball is using its financial muscle to support the U.S. women's softball team, which already is assured a spot in the Tokyo Olympics while the American men's baseball team struggles to qualify.
Male and female are the two sexes — but transgender advocates now claim more than 50 “genders” — including agender, bigender, gender fluid, gender non-conforming, genderqueer, intersex, two-spirit, etc, plus “cis-gender” for the 99+ percent of people who are normal, non-transgender people.
Many conservatives came to Hawley’s defense, slamming Tapper’s attack on the Missouri senator.
Many Democrats are exploiting the coronavirus pandemic to launch a full-bore push for socialism—making the socialist rhetoric of the early Democratic presidential debates look tepid by comparison.
Many people have sought to fetishise Britain’s health bureaucracy as the nation’s saviour during this crisis.
Meanwhile, the California Democrat claimed the Heroes Act is “disciplined, focused, necessary.”
Michael Mann, arguably the world’s no. 1 climate alarmist, goes on to make proclamations that only a publication as ideologically compromised as the Guardian would think to publish.
Middle-class exodus: From 2007 to 2016, California lost a net million residents — some 2.5% of its population (which still grows due to births and immigration). 
Model and left-wing activist Emily Ratajkowski celebrated Easter Sunday, the most important day in the Christian calendar, by posting racy photos of herself in a thong.
More broadly, Biden has an uphill battle trying to claim that he backs small business. He served eight years as vice president in one of the most anti-business administrations in U.S. history. 
More than 100 gang members from El Salvador are among the massive wave of migrants that's poured across the border in recent months, with nearly 400 illegal immigrants nabbed trying to cross en masse last week and a group of more than 100 caught scaling a wall Monday, beleaguered border officials said.
Moreover, NeverTrump would not only have to separate Trump from his political base, but also to win the support of that base for its own candidate. That will be particularly difficult, as NeverTrump has made no secret of its general disdain for Trump supporters.
MSNBC anchor Katy Tur on Wednesday boldly declared that there was “almost no middle class” in America.
Much of this health hazard lies at the feet of folks like RFK Jr., so the idea that Trump was doing the anti-vax slow-jam with this quack a week before Inauguration Day understandably put Twitterverse over the edge
Multiple studies have attempted to translate the New Green Deal resolution's pledges into concrete policies, but often claim to significantly underestimate the actual costs due to the resolution's vagueness.
My point is that it was a bait-and-switch, and not in a crazed, left-wing state like California. 
Nancy Pelosi Proposes 1,400-Page Coronavirus Bill Stuffed with Pork
Nationwide riots have wreaked havoc and destruction across America over the past week in response to the death of Minneapolis man George Floyd in police custody. 
Naturally, our fake news media and social media overlords attempted to twist the president’s warning into something it wasn’t — a threat, as in If you start looting, my government’s going to start shooting.
Netflix's statements related to leaving Georgia if fetal heartbeat law goes into effect is the company’s way of firing a warning shot to Georgia and similar states: Conform to our Hollywood ideals and values, or we won’t give you our business.
Never mind the fact that some of Trump’s strongest supporters have had no problem whatsoever in criticizing him for substantive reasons — as in the backlash against his criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. NeverTrumpers still believe themselves to be the unique guardians of conservative orthodoxy and honest punditry.
Never Trump leader Rick Wilson’s hypocrisy is not limited to now attacking those who support the Confederate flag after previously supporting it himself.
Nevertheless, the media jihad continues, and that includes NBC shamelessly running a debunked and deceptive smear story that had been reported on and debunked all the way back in May.
Nevertheless, The Jesus Is King crooner launched his presidential campaign on Sunday in South Carolina where he railed against progressive policies such as abortion and gun control.
New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez casually spotlighted her revolutionary rejection of biology, sex, and the male-or-female society during a live Facebook chat in which she was asked about her views on the military draft.
Newly empowered Democrats in Washington and statehouses across the country are flexing their legislative muscle with a host of tax proposals that would affect billionaires and blue collar alike.
Next came the sob stories. Those student loans are suffocating a generation, the candidates suggested. After all, “40 million of us who can’t start a family,” the diaper-changing daddy Swalwell contradictorily proclaimed, adding that they “Can’t take a good idea and start a business and can’t buy our first home.”
None of Biden’s Democrat counterparts challenged his claim of economic selflessness.
Not content to recede gracefully, or even to steer clear of various conspiracies on par with fluoride and gay frogs, Miss Havisham is still at it. This time, she’s got a righteous burn for President Trump, imagining how John F. Kennedy would have sounded had he written a letter to former Soviet leader Nikita Kruschev along the lines of Trump’s recent letter to Turkish President Recep Erdogan.
Notorious crimes committed by illegal aliens — such as the killing of Kate Steinle in 2015 — became national symbols of the lack of immigration enforcement and a general decline in the rule of law.
Now that most of America has begun opening back up without the predicted spikes in coronavirus and Joe Biden has left his basement bunker, Americans are remembering that there’s an election going on. As normalcy quickly returns some places, so to has the battle for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Now today, the San Francisco mindset is still, shall we say, peculiar. It’s a city, after all, where old-money trust-fund types, addled with guilt, have joined with nouveaux riche tech tycoons to create a bizarre overclass ideology that’s a part Karl Marx, one part MSNBC, one part Michel Foucault, and maybe even a little bit of Ayn Rand.
Now, with Biden as the Democrat 2020 nominee, and Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) as his running mate, the anti-Catholic bias has not only continued, but intensified.
Obama’s claim that “history” was on his side is arguably false. The massive, historically unprecedented wave of immigrants crashing across the U.S. southern border is a political phenomenon, set in motion by the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act and accelerated by the Obama administration’s disastrous Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA).
Of course, not everyone supports this liberal-libertarian liberaltarianism.  To name just one opponent, there’s Donald Trump. 
Of course, regionally, the Democrat base consists nearly exclusively on top income earners and rich executives who live in metropolitan areas and major cities along the coasts.
Of course, the demands of tolerance are not universal. The strong gods are still suppressed and exiled, and the heretic-hunting inquisitors of diversity have become more paranoid and vindictive in triumph.
Officials at Dartmouth College looked the other way this week when a group of leftist student activists disrupted classes to bring attention to their support for the Green New Deal.
Oh for crying out loud. The desperation. Imagine if you got your news only from the New York Times, and how bigoted that would make you against non-liberals.
Omar believes USA Powerlifting is discriminating against males who identify as transgender women, based on the “myth” that they have a “direct competitive advantage” over biological females.
On immigration, Klobuchar now supports a “path to citizenship” for illegal aliens — though she once took a harder line.
On July 15, New York City cops were bloodied in broad daylight by assailants who know that Mayor Bill De Blasio shares their dislike for the police.
On one hand, naive teenagers who signed off their financial futures to leftist, anti-American institutions would catch a break. The college cartel screwed you; now here’s a government waiver to make you forever grateful to the Democrats. 
On Tuesday, AOC once again ignited a media firestorm when she continued bashing President Trump's administration by alluding to Nazi Germany while describing the way Trump detained migrant families on the border.
One driving force behind the record rates of youth sports officials and referees quitting is increasingly abusive and belligerent behavior by parents, including verbal abuse, threats and even fights.
One of the bitterest cases in academe involved Steven Salaita, whose offer of a tenured faculty position at the University of Illinois was revoked in 2014 after he posted a series of tweets harshly critical of Israel.
Oscar-winning actor Leonardo DiCaprio is a vocal climate change activist, however, he has taken some heat in the past for his preference for fuel-guzzling private plane travel.
Other than the fact that none of the above is even close to the truth and that the entire premise of the article is the fakest of fake news, the Daily Beast has a real bombshell on its hands.
Outraged Democrats vowed to appeal a federal judge’s ruling that could undo the US health care law known as Obamacare, saying on Saturday that they will use their new power in Congress to hold Republicans responsible and “expose their lies.”
Over 70,000 women in Germany have been subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM), and a further 17,000 young girls are at risk of having the barbaric procedure being committed against them.
Over the past few decades, RFK Jr.’s famous name has helped him get in the door to talk to important people, and it probably isn’t long before the person who is all jacked up to meet a Kennedy realizes the guy is totally cray-cray.
Over the past week, activists, some of who are believed to be affiliated with Black Lives Matter have rioted across the country following the death of George Floyd in police custody, wreaking havoc and destruction against America’s towns, cities, and local communities. 
Pelosi made similar comments claiming that President Trump’s possible re-election threatens the world as House Democrats readied two articles of impeachment against the president.
Pelosi’s coronavirus plan uses the pandemic to cram provisions of the House Democrats’ H.R. 1 legislation into federal law. That legislation went even further in its efforts to create loopholes for voter fraud, allowing convicted felons to vote in federal elections.
Pence was the source of inspiration to pro-life activists for a second time Friday as he had addressed the March for Life rally earlier in the day when he made a surprise visit to speak to thousands of pro-life marchers participating in the annual event.
Perhaps that is why both Warren and Sanders have gone out of their way to hammer home the fact that their proposals would only affect the wealthiest Americans.
Personalized healthcare eliminates needless layers of bureaucracy and harmful regulations, letting doctors focus on their patients. 
Phoenix’s Oscar speech for Joker was a rambling discourse that veered in several direction before settling on environmental platitudes.
Planned Parenthood, the abortion industry giant says the “white supremacy” and “systemic bias in policing” that “took George Floyd’s life” are the same factors involved in “attacks” on women’s abortion rights.
Politicians have no business directing or defining patriotism — especially when their rhetoric sounds like 1950s-era Soviet sloganeering.
Populist eruptions and governments from Brexit to Budapest to President Trump are perceived as confirmation of their fears, necessitating increasingly ferocious efforts to defend liberal democratic pluralism and its virtues of openness, tolerance, and inclusivity.
Populist Interior Minister Matteo Salvini has slammed Saudi Arabia, the host of the Italian football Super Cup, for not allowing single women to attend the match without a man accompanying them.
Posting on Twitter, the former stripper turned rapper said that she “really love[s]” the concept of government even though she does not agree with it.
Practicing pro-life litigators know that Trump judges are saving lives by permitting restrictions on abortion to go into effect.
President Donald Trump in an interview on Wednesday ripped former Vice President Joe Biden for failing on race relations, after 43 years in public office.
President Donald Trump ridiculed Democrats promoting the Green New Deal on Thursday, during a campaign rally in Iowa.
President Donald Trump ridiculed former Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday for endorsing former Vice President Joe Biden for president.
President Donald Trump used the occasion to again voice skepticism about climate change.
President of Belarus refuses to cancel sports and scoffs at ‘Psychosis’ of coronavirus measures.
President Trump poked fun at Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., Sunday for vowing to tackle climate change as she kicked off her 2020 presidential campaign in a snowy, freezing Minneapolis park.
President Trump was “impeached forever” as Nancy Pelosi so childishly put it.
President Trump warned us “when the looting starts the shooting starts,” and, tragically, that is exactly what has happened.
President Trump's two-day visit to India turned to substance Tuesday after opening with a heavy dose of pomp and pageantry, but few concrete accomplishments were expected from the whirlwind trip.
Prominent black conservatives are seeing how the mainstream media are using the death of George Floyd  — to portray America as racist, to vilify all police officers, to force the mantle of victimhood onto black Americans — and they are calling foul.
Providing health care to illegal aliens has become a widely supported plan among elected Democrats, while the overwhelming majority of Americans oppose it.
Rather than reducing federal subsidies to universities and placing the leftist institutions at the mercy of the free market, Obama wants to increase the amount students can borrow with interest from the government.
Refugees have become a hot button issue as millions attempted to flee the terrorist group ISIS and the southern border was swamped with asylum claims.
Religion will also prove more attractive in a practical way. One of the underreported stories of the 2007-2008 financial crisis was the critical role various churches played in helping people cope with the abrupt collapse of home values, the big drop in retirement savings due to falling stock prices, and the subsequent tsunami of pink slips and salary cuts.
Remember how incensed people got when Trump floated his (admittedly, impractical) ideological test for immigrants.
Rep. Al Green (D-TX) at a hearing on Wednesday perpetuated the hoax that President Trump called white nationalists at a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in 2017 “very fine people.”
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on Tuesday blasted President Donald Trump’s border wall as a “monument to hate” and a “monument to himself.”
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) slammed billionaire Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world and owner of the Washington Post, for paying his employees what she called “starvation wages.”
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., has taken Congress by storm, quickly becoming the de facto leader of the left-wing bloc of freshman Democrats seeking to overhaul the status quo with far-left ideas like the Green New Deal.
Rep. Liz Cheney (R-WY), the chairwoman of the House Republican Conference, added that Republicans are fighting “pure evil” on the part of those who would kill babies after being born.
Republicans will claim that they prioritize pro-life policies, and democrats will keep abortion sacrosanct.
Republicans, however, are likely to vehemently oppose the plan to tax the wealthy.
Republicans, however, still believe they can win, given the radicalism of the Democratic Party and the frailty of former Vice President Joe Biden, who was an extraordinarily weak primary candidate and who has barely left his home in Wilmington, Delaware, for months.
Riot police appeared to make some progress in driving back activists after this, but the situation remains tense, with the police horses unnerved by individuals who hurled flares towards them.
Rispone is crying foul about the race-baiting ads from Edwards’ allies.
Rowe then dismantled each of Atkins’ unsubstantiated points. He lambasted celebrities for constantly broadcasting their political opinions as though their views have any impact on most Americans.
Sanders praises the radical Green New Deal, champions a Medicare for All plan with a $34 trillion price tag, nods to abortion as a means of population control, and defends bread lines and Fidel Castro’s Cuba. 
Sargent has written leftist pieces at the Washington Post for years. In March 2016, Sargent called then-candidate Donald Trump a “nightmare nominee,” saying that not even white men like Trump.
Secondly, the Democrat field is so awful, there aren’t any acceptable alternatives.
Security measures are in place as there are concerns radical groups could face off in Richmond, but Democrat office holders and their surrogates in the gun control movement, as well as establishment media reporters, are working hard to paint the entire gun rally as a meeting of extremists and racists.
Sen. Bernie Sanders’ (I-VT) immigration plan, which opens the border to all foreign nationals, was drafted by a handful of illegal alien staffers.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is aggressively pushing a new wealth tax – which she’s dubbed the “UltraMillionaireTax” – ahead of this weekend’s formal presidential campaign launch, but keeps running into the same question from critics: Is it even constitutional?
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., Thursday released a sweeping immigration plan that would dramatically increase the number of refugee admissions by nearly 800 percent from FY 2018 and 250 percent from the Obama years.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren's radical immigration plans involves decriminalizing illegal immigration, increasing legal immigration, and ending all detention of illegal aliens, minus those deemed to be “a flight or safety risk.”
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) says it “makes absolutely no sense” to continue current legal immigration levels when millions of Americans remain jobless due to the Chinese coronavirus crisis.
She rips Rush for being a “racist” and mocks him for pretending to be surprised.
Shortly after he took office on Monday, California's Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom unearthed an unprecedented new health care agenda for his state, aimed at offering dramatically more benefits to illegal immigrants and protecting the embattled Affordable Care Act, which a federal judge recently struck down as unconstitutional.
Should China be the first country to develop an effective vaccine, dictator Xi Jinping has promised to provide the world with “free” coronavirus vaccines paid for by Beijing. 
Since 2016, Democrats have thrown sand, wrenches, and donkey poo into every gear of government to overturn the results of a free and fair election played by rules.
Since the beginning, Biden has been grasping at the coattails of America’s first black president and relying on his administration’s laurels related to Obamacare, race relations, gun restrictions, and climate change.
Since the Democrat Congress and the Obama administration orchestrated the government takeover of student loans in 2010 the total amount of student loan debt has exploded.
Since when did even conservative publications consider that it’s the right and moral thing to do to provide covering fire for an increasingly thuggish, openly hard-left, and borderline terroristic group which is less obviously to do with ‘racism’, but which has almost everything to do with smashing Western civilisation?
Six Republican Senators have failed to develop a coalition for their plan that exchanges a fifth of border wall funding for an amnesty for illegal aliens and increased immigration.
So it appears McCabe is allowed to lie to federal investigators about corruption affecting the U.S. government, cover it up with more lies, and get off scot-free even though what he did is a crime, while Stone faces years in prison for lying about gossip that affected nothing of public importance.
So it was creepy when Obama was trying to replace American idealism with progressivism and calling it “economic patriotism,” and it’s creepy when Trump does basically the same thing under the guise of economic nationalism.
So their gradual arrival is likely to have a dramatic effect as the number of pro-migrant judges decline.
So we flee far from the controlling  grasp of the left — either to Rural America and to the suburbs, and Joe Biden intends to destroy all of that, starting with the suburbs.
So we have tens of millions of legal and illegal aliens present in the United States and we’re expected to believe none of them vote?
So while these Republicans in D.C. are still lost in the mindset that voters will still support them because "they're not the other guys," that's not entirely true: promises were made, tens of millions of dollars were raised off said promises. Time to man up, Republicans, and fulfill those promises or else people might call you for what you're acting like right now: liars.
So while they’ve been pretending to be Influencers, the actual subtext of their “thoughtful warnings” against Bernie has been naked, sweaty panic, has been Holy shit if they choose Bernie I’ll either have to out myself as a total fraud by supporting Bernie or never be welcomed in a green room again!
So yes, San Francisco Democrats are on the left, but theirs is a leftism that mostly leaves billionaires alone, free to further build their fortunes. To be sure, these fatcats have to be careful about stepping in the human poop on the sidewalks—and they must be careful, too, about the muggers and junkies—but they have security guards to insulate them from the riffraff.
So you have the New York Times, the Tax Policy Center and — AND — the godless liars at PolitiFact admitting “Biden’s plan would mean higher taxes on average for all income groups,” and the ad is rated still “mostly false.”
Social media users were quick to point out the interactions and slammed McGuire for appearing to undermine Coyne Schofield’s hockey skills.
Some people hate Trump and mock everything from his geography gaffes to his appearance. They’ve done the same thing with Rush. All of this mockery and vitriol is just an attempt to thwart their real success in revolutionizing American culture and politics.
Soule needed to be in the top six runners to advance, but came out eighth because the two biological males were also competing as transgender girls.
State health departments and legislators who sneer at parental concerns and call for vaccination mandates erode parents’ trust.
Strategic purchases of U.S. businesses and the placement of Chinese companies on American stock exchanges and indexes have also given the PRC enormous suasion over the avenues of American soft power.
Student debt increased by a whopping 107 percent between 2009 and 2019. Americans now owe $1.6 trillion in education loans. Policy wonks and politicians respond by concocting flashy plans that hardly solve the debt crisis.
Suicide hotlines are overwhelmed. Unemployment is skyrocketing. Women and children in abusive relationships are stuck at home in a nightmare situation with their abusers. Alcohol sales are through the roof. Foster kids have nowhere to go to be loved and cared for.
Sure, they’re pretending to be righteously upset about the death of George Floyd – but this is a pretty pathetic excuse, given that obviously the British government is not remotely responsible for the actions of the Minneapolis police department. 
Surprising because in its early trailer, FX’s Anti-Phyllis Schlafly Series Mrs. America sold itself as a celebration of second-wave feminism as it waged righteous war against the dark forces of the “patriarchy.”
Take, for example, the four reliably liberal Supreme Court justices, all of whom believe it’s OK to compel Americans to pay dues to political organizations they disagree with, to coerce them to say things they abhor, and to compel them to create things that undermine their principles.
Tellingly, when not constrained by the debate format, these same politicians push the same narrative to garner support for bailing out student loans, all while the media provides the Democrats a free assist.
Tens of millions of children under 12 months are potentially at risk for diseases such as diphtheria and polio as the Chinese coronavirus pandemic interrupts routine vaccinations, according to data published by global public health experts on Friday.
Tens of thousands rallied peacefully and the news media treated it like it was the start of the second civil war or at least another violent confrontation like Charlottesville.
That is because much of what Newsom and the Democrats value in California has to do with good intentions, rather than real-world results.
That Sanders’ proposal lacks any sort of means-testing requirement makes it clear that he believes this is something all people deserve, but it’s unclear why, or how that’s a worthwhile investment given that it will be allocated toward those who are relatively rich (or could have been relatively rich had they not gotten a useless master’s degree that doesn’t translate into higher earnings). 
That’s why white nationalists, who are enthusiasts for the abortion of black and brown people, despise pro-lifers, as anyone reporting in good faith should know.
The American Petroleum Institute's (API's) estimates were released two days before South Carolina's Democratic primary, where the candidates will compete with platforms that push aggressive agendas on energy and the environment.
The American president’s threat to reverse that decision and impose the metals tariffs is the latest example of his mercurial approach to trade policy.
The argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state salves left-wing Christians' consciences for their support of radically pro-abortion politicians like Sen. Bernie Sanders.
The astute observer will note that China is not exactly eager to take in large numbers of migrants or refugees from beyond its borders.
The author of the piece Omar tweeted out seemed to have no problem with wiping out $1.5 trillion in student loan debt and promising everyone a subsidized higher education.
The biggest problem for NeverTrump, however, is the pitiful performance of the Republican Congress, which has been unable to act on its core priorities, and reinforces the notion that only Trump is strong enough to lead the party.
The bill would also provide a massive giveaway to the many technology, banking, insurance, and staffing companies that have replaced a huge number of U.S. graduates with large blocs of compliant Indian and Chinese graduates.
The bloc has also indicated that it wants to exercise some control over the extent to which Britain can cut its taxes in the name of a so-called “level playing field” — fearing that a less bureaucratic, lower tax Britain would be too competitive compared to a European Union notorious for red tape and inflexibility.
The Boeing Company is set to lay off more than 12,000 Americans in the midst of the Chinese coronavirus crisis while planning an expansion in India.
The bureaucrats and local would-be dictators concocting their various plans to protect us all from each other have to be relieved of their power or the police state will be permanent. So how did we get here, and how do we reclaim our liberty and the right to take risks to survive?
The campaign believes the push can help Trump by drumming up support from suburban and older voters who may be rattled by violent images, which have been broadcast often by conservative media outlets.
The cancellation of Olympic qualifying events wreaks havoc with athletes waiting to advance, organizers and federations forced to find new venues — not to mention disrupting hotel reservations, airplane flights, and ticket reservations.
The Citibank and Bank of America examples are just the tip of the iceberg, and do not even begin to reveal the larger financial shenanigans against gun makers via Operation Choke Point.
The DACA amnesty-for-wall funding plan is despised by Trump’s most loyal supporters who have warned the administration against caving to the big business lobby and billionaire donor class, both of which have pushed for an amnesty for illegal aliens for the last two years.
The declaration that a man’s penis becomes a female penis once a man declares himself to be transgender is built on the transgender claim that men who say they are women are actually women. 
The Democratic Party’s presumptive vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris is the ultimate San Francisco Democrat, representing the “woke” left-libertarianism of a place where everything is tolerated except for conservatism and where Silicon Valley’s plutocrats are free to enrich themselves insulated from the deplorable riffraff they despise.
The Democrats’ bill is a massive giveaway to Silicon Valley, to tech donors, and to many Fortune 500 companies in the banking and insurance industries who have replaced their American graduates with blocs of imported Indian and Chinese workers.
The demonstrators are, ostensibly, protesting the death of George Floyd, a black man who died after being pinned down a white police officer, who has since been charged with third-degree murder and negligent manslaughter, in the U.S. city of Minneapolis, Minnesota — although some believe Mr Floyd’s death is increasingly being used as cover for riots, looting, and the advancement of various political agendas.
The deputy commissioner of Kolkata Police eventually apologized for the bloodying of students - many of whom were women - and argued that tensions had risen too quickly. 
The desperate liars at NBC News are comparing President Trump to Democrat-segregationist George Wallace because he wants to protect America’s suburbs.
The devil is in the details, however, since—while some charter schools are effective in achieving student success—others have been examples of cronyism and corruption as a result of arrangements between politicians and private businesses.
The Europeans have set up a complicated barter-type system to skirt direct financial transactions with Iran and so evade possible U.S. sanctions.
The explosion of the Hispanic population has long-term job prospect consequences as well: Both legal and illegal aliens will occupy 75 percent of new American jobs in as little as five years.
The facts are these: with the protection of the Democrat Party and media, the marauders have been loosened. 
The fear was well-deserved, since Trump has also made a number of dangerous comments about vaccines, linking immunizations to cases of autism and suggesting we need different vaccination schedules for small children…
The First Amendment forbids the establishment of a state church in the United States, but it in no way imposes the incoherent burden of religious neutrality on our civic institutions
The flurry of hirings brought the NFL under fire Tuesday from those who think the league’s “Rooney Rule” – an NFL policy that requires teams to interview minority candidates for head coaching and senior football operations jobs – doesn't do what it's intended to do.
The former administration presented itself as a protector of students against mistreatment by student loan companies that were seeking to collect debts owed and were accused of abusing student borrowers to pad their own profits
The foul-mouthed 38-year-old has seen his popularity wane with some of his movies flopping in recent years, perhaps partly as a result of audiences turning against his woke humor.
The godless liars hang their “mostly false” lie on the fake argument Biden is taken out of context in the ad. 
The government of the secretive central Asian nation Turkmenistan published photos of what it claimed to be thousands of cyclists celebrating World Health Day on Tuesday with a crowded ride through the nation’s capital, Ashgabat – one of several sporting events seemingly held with no concern for the Chinese coronavirus.
The government wants to usurp parents, any chance they get. What consequences does this have in the lives of American families?
The group claims “systemic racism” has made it difficult for black individuals to obtain birth control and enjoy “reproductive freedom.”
The hearing comes a day after the Democrat-led House held a hearing to discuss the alleged threat of white nationalist terrorism to the country.
The Heroes Act contains many leftist provisions, including:
The hot new idea to tax America’s rich is a wealth tax, which – although designed to target the wealthiest taxpayers – could end up eventually hurting middle-class families.
The House Democrats’ 1,400-page coronavirus recovery bill threatens the livelihood of millions of American graduates and their families by expanding work visas for many of the roughly 1.5 million foreign college graduate contract workers who hold jobs in the United States.
The idea behind the conspiracy is that these miracle vaccines — and they are medical miracles — can cause autism, when there is no data to back that up.
The intersectionality-obsessed media claims Buttigieg doesn't have enough diversity points to run for president.
The irony, of course, is that the exhibit that invites people to throw trash at vacuuming Ivanka Trump lookalike reflects every stereotype feminists claim to stand against, oversexualizing Ivanka’s body and ignoring her hard work.
The issue of mandatory vaccination is once again an item of debate in media circles given the recent outbreaks in measles, and fueled this week by the continued inability of politicians to discuss vaccination policy without sounding like anti-science fools.
The Labour politician, who has presided over an epidemic of violent crime — particularly knife crime — and the extension of London’s illegal drugs trade into surrounding areas ...
The left-wing mob had gathered in Parliament Square in London in defiance of the coronavirus lockdown to protest over the death of George Floyd in the United States and the supposed implicit racism they believe is ingrained in the British and American systems of government.
The legislation ends criminal penalties for self-abortion and – in the case of an unborn baby who is the victim of a homicide – defines “person” as “a human being who has been born and is alive.”
The looting and riots and fires in blue cities across the country today reaffirm that it is not “justice” but “war” that today’s radicals have in mind. From a moment that brought all Americans together in their sense of right and wrong, politicians and groups bent on destabilizing the nation chose division…and got their way.
The measure would prevent U.S. graduates from getting hundreds of thousands of college-grade jobs as the foreign workers’ visas expire — despite the colossal job losses being caused by China’s Wuhan virus.
The media and the left did their best to ignore the racial diversity of the well-armed crowd.
The moment Barack Obama embraced and legitimized the left-wing terrorists in Occupy Wall Street (that have now morphed into Antifa and Black Lives Matter), I toldjaso.
The moment was yet another headache for Biden as he struggles to appeal to gun owners. 
The movement known as NeverTrump — self-identified conservatives who vowed never to vote for Donald Trump, even at the price of a Hillary Clinton presidency and liberal dominance of the Supreme Court for generations — did not take long to recover from the shock of Trump’s victory in November.
The movement’s hysteric leader proceeded to hush the crowd so the mayor’s answer could be heard across the streets so they could vote him out next year if he bowed to their anarchic demands.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee slammed Senate Democrats for blocking the legislation.
The new judges are picked by Trump’s attorney general and cannot be blocked by hostile Democrats.
The new numbers from Gallup are an unwelcome sight for Democrats after kicking off the week with a disaster caucus in Iowa who and simultaneously anticipating a Trump acquittal in the Senate. Trump will also now have the opportunity to shine in his newfound approval in Tuesday night’s address to the nation while Democrats are in disarray.
The night before the rant, the Jesus Is King rapper continued his crusade against abortion, gun control, and pornography.
The numbers finding broad American approval of Trump illustrate the catastrophe of the impeachment proceedings backfiring on Democrats that were precisely intended to bring the president’s approval numbers down.
The once venerable Lancet medical journal has put forward Joe Biden as the best choice for Americans’ health, continuing the magazine’s unabashed left-wing activism.
The open letter — Millionaires Against Pitchforks — has been released to coincide with the orgy of virtue-signalling by the globalist elite at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
The president’s likely opponent in the November elections, Democrat Joe Biden, was not among those who were inspired. Instead, tone-deaf as he is to the American people and the things of the Spirit, he said the president’s appearance outside the church shows he “is more interested in power than in principle.”
The progressive push to bend Americans’ attitudes and their male-and-female civic society around the idea of “gender identity” has already attacked and cracked many of the popular social rules that help Americans manage the cooperation and competition among and between complementary, different, and equal men and women.
The protests in London come days after Black Lives Matter and Antifa flooded the streets of the British capital over the weekend — with little to no regard for the government-mandated social distancing — calling “to burn this shit down” and hailing the chaos and riots in America as a sign that the “West is Falling”.
The provision would suspend the Department of Labor’s ability to prosecute any employer hiring illegal aliens and visa overstayers.
The radical leftist has been gaining in the national polls and is beginning to take the lead in key early primary and caucus states as the February 3 Iowa caucus, which kicks off the Democrat Party’s nomination process, draws nearer.
The result of this tribalism will not be a catharsis of white identity, improving equality for non-whites. It will be resentment towards being the only tribe not given the special treatment bestowed by victimhood.
The revelation of more than $1 billion in public money erroneously paid out shines a light on the part of the government’s massive relief program with which most ordinary Americans are most familiar.
The right to abortion is just that — the right to kill unborn humans. But pro-abortionists like Quinn and Cuomo find it easier to argue that they are fighting for “reproductive rights” (even though pro-lifers are not objecting to any woman’s right to reproduce) or that fetuses are not humans but “clumps of cells.” Just as with slave owners and eugenicists before them, it’s easier for pro-abortionists to advocate for murder after they’ve dehumanized the lives they want to end.
The same people who tell you enforcing our immigration laws is impossible because we can’t round up millions of illegal aliens will have no problem whatsoever rounding up millions of defiant gun owners. 
The self-flattering conceit that sustains NeverTrump’s criticism is that Trump supporters are participating in a cult of personality. 
The taxpayer-funded BBC has announced that 16-year-old eco-warrior Greta Thunberg will be guest-editing the broadcaster’s flagship current affairs radio programme, the Today show.
The Times’ about-face was just one example of a little Orwellian campaign that’s sprung up in the liberal media since the Disneyland measles outbreak to try to rewrite history by shoehorning vaccine opposition into the shopworn trope that it is conservatives who are “anti-science.”
The tragedy of America’s 18 years in Afghanistan has been a stubborn refusal to admit the Afghan government is incapable of standing on its own, no matter how much money is poured into it, how much training its troops are given, or how many of its battles American soldiers fight.
The transgender effort to suppress any recognition that men and women are different and complementary would not matter except for the movement’s political alliance with wealthy progressives and radical feminists who wish to destroy the political power of the male-and-female family.
The Turkmen government also published photos of contact sporting events such as wrestling and martial arts, which most of the world has canceled to prevent the spread of the deadly pathogen originating in central Wuhan, China.
The two men are known to be friendly and frequently golf together at Mar-a-lago. But apart from their friendship, Trump should feel a great bond with Limbaugh. After all, without his three decades of on-air bombast, bluster, and fearless defense of his audience, there likely would not be a President Trump.
The U.S. manufacturing jobs boom comes as free trade economists, billionaire donors, and establishment media pundits have routinely claimed that Trump’s 25 percent tariff on imported steel and ten percent tariff on aluminum would cripple the American economy.
The unions and Democrats claim that money is the problem, even though the decrepit schools of Baltimore rank third in the U.S. for per-capita spending. 
The whole anti-vaxx (as it became known) thing was nuts, a way for fading celebrities to pretend to be the vanguard of a Great Cause that Saved The Children from a sinister government conspiracy.
The words and notions of all these documents (Green New Deal, Venezuelan Constitution, UN Covenant “International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, Stalin-written Soviet Constitution) may sound good to some, but in the end, they are just empty words at best, a siren call for the naïve, beckoning them to a socialist utopia, and at worst, lip service meant to distract from totalitarian brutality.
The George Floyd protests took a global turn over the weekend as Antifa and Black Lives Matter activists took to the streets of London to ‘stand up to racism’ and to celebrate the riots engulfing the United States, which they claim is a signal that “the West is falling”.
The New York Times devoted its entire “Sunday Review” section this weekend to an economic manifesto that lays out a radical left-wing vision for redesigning the American economy in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.
Their revolution was the screech of a mob, much as we are seeing in several of our own cities and towns today. So let’s review this absurdly celebrated event.
There can be no serious discussion of this issue, however, in 60-second sound bites. So, beyond the soak-the-rich shtick that shades every Democratic economic debate point, the candidates resorted to two tactics: shock and sob stories.
There is zero chance any significant resistance to their demands will be mounted by a single Democrat lawmaker, no matter what they tell gullible red and purple-state constituents when they run for office as “moderates” who respect the hell out of America’s gun rights.
There was no immediate confirmation from US officials about the alleged plan to slash US troop numbers in Germany and cap them at 25,000 in future. But Trump’s lukewarm support of longstanding cooperation agreements with European allies has long caused alarm on the continent.
These numbers also help illuminate Democrats’ thinking: Since Trump has no wiggle room with his base, they are content to watch consequences pile up, driving Trump’s overall numbers further into the ditch.
These very nasty but cunning and well-organised thugs have used every propaganda trick in the book to persuade gullible teens and early-twentysomethings on social media accounts like Instagram that these protests are good because they’re against ‘racism. 
They back more gun control laws, deflecting blame and hoping that somehow making some 300 million guns disappear nationwide will prove to be easier than keeping children in their own cities away from stray bullets.
They came to the United States from all corners of the globe -- Somalia, Rwanda, El Salvador, the Balkans, Germany, Iraq -- claiming to have been persecuted but, in reality, they were the persecutors.
They will not do that by making the Department of Justice even less accountable to elected officials, as Democrats are demanding. They will do it by slashing and burning the bureaucracy and its powers. Government by and for the people will perish from the earth if unelected officials are capable of weaponizing government against the people’s elected representatives.
They daydream about sending tactical squads to pry Bubba’s guns from his cold dead fingers. 
This argument that the real way to end abortion is to make abortion unnecessary by establishing a generous cradle-to-grave welfare state is also an extension of the dishonest taunt that conservative Christians only care about babies before they’re born.
This idea, gaining traction under the hashtag #CancelStudentDebt following the release of Sanders’ college debt forgiveness plan, is bad for several reasons, but naturally appealing in a sort of populist way, since plenty of people choose not to think about second-order impacts and potential consequences of driving our country into even more ruinous national debt than before.
This institutionalised incompetence and sclerosis may well explain why Britain has plummeted to the bottom quarter of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries for Covid-19 diagnostic testing, per capita.
This is what Breitbart News has reported, based on publicly available data ignored by the anti-tariff crowd for over a year. 
This message of depending on the State for security might seem like an odd fit with the Democrats’ “Abolish the Police” mania, and it’s certainly hard to sell abolishing the police with a side order of draconian gun laws to thinking Americans – but remember, the Left isn’t terribly interested in persuading anyone, and will feel secure in its power after a big election victory. 
This segment endorsing a welcome for all sick foreigners is a dramatic escalation from the Democrats’ unpopular promises to fund health care for at least 11 million resident illegal aliens, most of whom work long hours for low wages in the U.S. labor market that is flooded by illegal and legal immigrants.
This was not the president’s first gesture of warmth in the wake of Limbaugh’s sad revelation. The president took to Twitter to cheer him on, saying, “Many people do not know what a great guy & fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend!”
This would be the same Taliban that gleefully murders young women for the crime of going to school and regards democracy as a crime against Islam punishable by death.
Those activists will, of course, all be on the left — watermelons, essentially: green on the outside, red on the inside — and will continue to promote environmentalism by whatever means possible in order advance the controlling agenda of global eco-fascism.
Those areas have been plagued for years by gun and gang-related violence, including Englewood and West Garfield Park.
Those filings are expected to show that Sen. Sanders, the so-called democratic socialist, made millions from book sales.
Those NGOs will be organisations like Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, the WWF – all with budgets the size of large corporations, all dependent on ramping up the scare narrative in order to generate the hysteria that raises their profile, increases subscriptions from the gullible and terrified public, and boosts their power and influence.
Though the author reserved much of his political bile for Democrats, he also attacked Republicans and espoused some left-wing views, claiming that “our lifestyle is destroying the environment of our country.”
Thus far in the 2020 presidential campaign, Biden has flippantly downplayed the threat from China, only to quickly walk back his comments when he faced backlash.
Thus the old stereotype of the tycoon or corporate chieftain as some sort of conservative stuffed shirt has been replaced by such hipper-than-thou figures as Richard Branson, Elon Musk, and the various Silicon Valley masters of the universe.
To the extent the Times created space for explanations, it was for claims that the protests had begun peacefully.
To the surprise of literally no one whatsoever, Britain’s Chancellor Rishi Sunak has turned on the firehoses, maxed out on credit, and unleashed on the UK economy a public spending budget so profligate it would make a drunken sailor on shore leave blush.
To the thinking person, the claim doesn’t make sense. How could this be a new phenomenon adopted from the small white nationalist movement when mainstream conservatives have been fighting to end affirmative action for decades?
Today’s mainstream media doesn’t want you to remember, but the early days of feminism were rife with ideological battles and  backstabbing that would put a medieval court to shame.
Top Democrat and GOP members of the House Armed Services Committee ducked and dodged when a Pentagon official said the sex of transgender soldiers is decided by their biology, not by their claimed “gender identity.”
Top Democrats running for president in 2020 have jumped on and endorsed Democratic Socialist Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s radical Green New Deal that aims, among other things, to eliminate air travel.
Top Six Awful Democrat Ideas Senate Republicans Blocked from Coronavirus Bill...
Transgender controversy also erupted ahead of International Women’s Day in Leicester, after a students’ union at Leicester University voted to rebrand the day as International Womxn’s Day, in order to be more inclusive of transgender women.
Transgender ideology says each persons’ preferences are — and should be — unconnected from their bodies. It says that men and women are interchangeable, and can switch their sex by switching their own sense of “gender identity” so that men who say they are women really do become biological women, complete with female penises.
Transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox twice broke a female opponent’s skull to win matches and now he is being praised by some in the LGBT community.
Trump has also threatened to impose an additional 25 percent tariffs on $325 billion worth of imports from China.
Trump is nothing if not a public relations savant. Once the dust settles, if he cannot take credit for restoring order, he’ll do his best to deflect and lay the blame at someone else’s feet. He’ll remind his followers what the other side thinks of them, how they desecrated our American values, and what will happen to them if Joe Biden becomes the apologizer-in-chief.
Trump, a businessman with an almost uncanny ability to get the better terms of a deal, must marvel at the licentiousness all around him in “the swamp.”
Trump’s latest anti-China barb came as new figures showed 30 million Americans have lost their jobs during lockdown.
Trump's comments came during a mega-rally in the world's largest cricket stadium — part of an elaborate Indian welcome for a president who revels in pomp and pageantry.
U.S. women’s soccer team co-captain Megan Rapinoe is begging prominent male soccer stars to must begin agitating for political causes.
UFC Middleweight Champion Israel Adesanya’s comment that his opponent will "crumble like the Twin Towers", in addition to being terrible and inappropriate, also makes no sense. 
Ultimately, the best way to defeat the idea of white supremacy is to ignore cartoon villains like Spencer and Anglin. They’re bigots, losers, and attention-seekers who survive on the oxygen the media gives them.
Unfortunately, everything changed in 2014 with the “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” hoax.
Until recently, there seemed to be no broader plan behind NeverTrump’s early, and vigorous, opposition to Trump and his administration. But the contours of a plan have begun to emerge, particularly on social media, where the movement’s criticism of Trump alternates with praise for some of his opponents in the 2016 Republican primary.
USA Today Sports published a broadside against youth tackle football, claiming that the sport is just too dangerous for children.
Using the same alarmist language he has employed to describe illegal immigration, Trump painted Democrat-led cities as out of control and lashed out at the “radical left,” which he blamed for rising violence in some cities, even though criminal justice experts say it defies easy explanation.
Victoria’s Secret spring campaign featuring transgender and plus-sized models marks a dramatic shift toward progressive feminism for Victoria’s Secret, which has been roiled by management changes in the past year.
Warren savages Biden for wanting McConnell to get re-elected (Biden’s argument about being able to convince McConnell’s Republicans to work with him seems even more tone-deaf) while Buttigieg hits Bloomberg for opposing raising the minimum wage and Obama’s candidacy.
Warren’s speech included leftist talking points — from corporations’ alleged mistreatment of American workers and unions to the dangers of “cutthroat capitalism” and the pitfalls of free trade.
Watching a crazed mob tear down the statue of Christopher Columbus in Pelosi’s native Baltimore on July 4, it was impossible to believe an earlier generation of Democratic leaders would have allowed such destruction.
We did consent to the lockdowns and now are suffering under the insanity that has flowed from them—economic suicide and petty local laws that serve no purpose other than to nanny us into submission.
We just survived eight years of a messianic presidency, with a finger-wagging, patriotism-appropriating administration lecturing us on how to be proper Americans.
We might note that at the time of this Texas ruling, national liberals were spluttering with outraged opposition.
We used to think of interracial marriage as a sign of social progress. Now, thanks to The New York Times, we know it’s just another sinister tool of white supremacy.
We’re materially comfortable, we have no desire to climb the corporate ladder, we’re happy with what we have, which makes us hard to bribe; and we just want to be left alone — and that’s why we get the hell out of these cesspool cities run by Democrats — these failed totalitarian states filled with crime, social unrest, terrible schools, high taxes, and busybody bureaucrats empowered by over-regulation.
What is new is the direct indictment of white people as a race. This happened through a strange rhetorical transformation over the past few years.
What the hell do you think is going to happen when you vote for the same political party that coddles and encourages these terrorists?
What this means is that in these particular countries, local law enforcement agree to not enforce anti-gun laws, especially dangerous radical ones like confiscation, bans, mandatory registration, and limiting the size of magazines.
What was once a must-see stage show drawing celebrities and fans from around the world is now the latest target of a woke mob of leftists hellbent on castigating America’s founding and its founders as nothing more than bigots and slave owners.
What we can expect from Bezos’s $10 billion, in other words, is $10 billion worth of green bullshit spread liberally around the world, scaring impressionable school kids, colonising university departments, misleading the mainstream media, granting shyster politicians the excuse they need to raise taxes and introduce more regulations in the name of ‘saving the planet.’
What’s been even more entertaining is watching these Principled Prostitutes attempt to avoid this dilemma as they sought to influence Democrats into choosing Anyone But Bernie.
When I opened Britain’s bestselling tabloid conservative Sunday newspaper, I was greeted by a double-page spread showing a vast mob of Black Lives Matter activists marching on Downing Street in London.
When President Trump rolled out his recent budget proposal, it made some cuts that were always going to cause controversy. For one thing, his plan would slash subsidized student loan repayment plans, and let the government crack down on missed payments.
While Democrats were busy diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
While Democrats were diverting the attention and energy of the entire country into a pointless trial that could not possibly have ended in anything other than President Donald Trump’s acquittal...
While falling short of calling half the nation “deplorable” as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did in 2016, the comments echo a deep disdain for a large population of the country increasingly perpetuated by left-wing elites in the wake of the George Floyd protests characterizing the U.S. as irredeemably racist.
While it’s perfectly evident that Trump does have racist supporters (which he is suspiciously reluctant to condemn), many contend that Trumpism is itself not racist, but merely a justified reaction to the Left’s racial patronage.
While no one is praising Trump as a thought leader in the way Limbaugh has been, he’s undeniably made conservative ideas tangible for average Americans.
While NYC has largely tamed the lethal and highly contagious coronavirus, another epidemic is starting to rear its ugly head in the city once again — violent crimes.
While President Trump visited the southern border Thursday, Democratic darling Beto O’Rourke visited the dentist — posting a bizarre video showing him getting a mouth-wide-open cleaning in order to highlight the story of his dental hygienist’s upbringing in El Paso.
While riots raged across the United States over Floyd’s death, editors on Wikipedia promptly set out to spin the narrative of the unrest against Trump.
While sexual ambiguity does occasionally occur, the authors note, “intersex individuals are extremely rare, and they are neither a third sex nor proof that sex is a ‘spectrum’ or a ‘social construct.’”
While the piece fairly analyzes the fracturing of the white nationalist movement, it makes the bizarre claim that ideas that are widely popular amongst mainstream conservatives, such as ending affirmative action, are actually white nationalist in origin.
While these many similarities between Green New Deal and the constitution ushered in by Venezuelan leftist dictator Hugo Chavez in 1999 may be just happenstance, the important thing to remember is that Venezuela under its new constitution has become a disaster zone.
White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany voiced tepid support for Defense Secretary Mark Esper, after he stated Wednesday that he did not support invoking the Insurrection Act, which would allow active-duty troops to act in domestic law enforcement roles.
White people are being asked—or pushed—to take stock of their whiteness and identify with it more. This is a remarkably bad idea.
Whitmer takes on Trump for claiming the economy is booming, asking “for whom?” … She details local pieces of legislation Dem. Governors are working on before claiming Democrats are the ones who actually fight for hardworking Americans.
Why did Democrats vote overwhelmingly against a bill that would require infants born alive after abortion to be treated as any other infant born at that gestational age? Because abortion is the right to destroy one’s own child, and if a woman chose to kill her baby, to the left it would seem a violation of her so-called right to choose for doctors to try to save that baby.
Won’t it be absurdly difficult to enforce new gun-control laws, or move toward the outright confiscation that is always and forever the Left’s ultimate goal, after a year of record-breaking gun sales?
Yep, after openly committing adultery against the Republican Party, these shameless cheats honestly believed the Democrat Party would make them equal and trusted partners in the family business.
Yes, he might be a demented Stalinist eager to flood America with illegal aliens and take away our guns and health insurance, but he sure gave those venal Never Trumpers a sweet face job Saturday night in Nevada, and now I can’t tell if my tears come from joy or laughter.
Yes, the rich are rich and want to stay that way, and yet at the same time, fat cats now lean left, even far left, on cultural issues–and they want you to do as you’re told. 
Yet it's merely the tip of the iceberg of war criminals lurking -- and working -- on U.S. turf.
Yet the gender ideology is rapidly gaining power, aided by huge donations from wealthy individuals and medical companies.
Yet the overwhelming narrative across social media today and, depressingly, across much of the mainstream media is that these ugly, sinister shows of force by the triumphant radical left are something almost charming and admirable rather than something we should all fear.
You may remember that NBC journalist Nancy Snyderman broke her Ebola quarantine, to the outrage of her neighbors. 
Young white men, reacting to social and educational constructs that paint them as the embodiment of historical evil, are fertile ground for white supremacists.
Young women taking part in high school and college athletics across the country have had their dreams of winning dashed by the movement to allow biological male who “identify” as female to compete against them.
